Advance Striker - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Advance Striker From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Advance Striker Number: MA-12 System: HMS Type: Attack Contents 1 Bit Protector (BP): 2 Attack Ring (AR): Advance Attacker 2.1 Use in Upper Attack Customization 2.2 Use in Force Smash Customization 3 Weight Disk (WD): Circle Heavy 4 Running Core (RC): Metal Flat Core 4.1 Use in Upper Attack Customization 4.2 Use in (Smash Attack) Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 7 Overall Languages: English|français|italiano Bit Protector (BP): This is the second generation bit protector released; it is tighter than the initial bit protectors allowing for a better fit. Attack Ring (AR): Advance Attacker Weight: 21 grams The Attack Ring of this Beyblade is Advance Attacker. Its gimmick is a reversible Metal Frame. The Metal Frame separates from the ABS Caul so it can be flipped to provide Upper Attack ability or Force Smash attack ability. It is also characterized by being symmetrical, so the attack in left spin and right spin are equivalent. This versatility allows Advance Striker to be the best option for Upper Attack in left spin. In right spin however it is outclassed by Circle Upper (Death Gargoyle MS) and Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS). Even though they both possess a 20-degree slope, the length of Advance Attacker's is only 1.5 cm compared to the 2.5 cm of Samurai Upper and Circle Upper. This variation of 1 cm makes a noticeable difference to the amount of lift capable. The Force Smash feature is very useful if paired with an effective RC since 20-degree slopes make it one of the most pronounced force smash attack rings available. Uncustomized, its potential remains untapped since Metal Flat Core's height is to low to utilize it. The ABS Caul is a fairly conservative shape, it is nearly a full circle with three small triangular protrusions, and most of the contact is made by the Metal Frame. Other than some wear on the protrusions, the rest of the ABS Caul will receive minimal damage. Its circular shape also allows for better balance. Another feature of this AR is its size/weight ratio; weighing in at 21 grams Advance Attacker is the second heaviest attack ring in the category for compact Attack Rings. This weight combined by its small shape allows it to be a good choice for compact customizations. The only AR to weigh more and be as small is Jiraiya Blade (Jiraiya MS); but the difficulty obtaining that blade leaves Advance Attacker as a more viable option for most bladers. Other ARs like Metal Ape's (Magical Ape MS) are more compact, but weigh less. Use in Upper Attack Customization Advance Attacker can be used effectively in Upper Attack customs in both left and right spin. AR: Advance Attacker (Advance Striker) (Upper Mode) WD: Circle Heavy /CWD Defense Ring (Sea Dragon) RC: Grip Flat Core (Dragoon MS) Or Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) (Dragoon MS UV) Use in Force Smash Customization With a taller RC, the Force Smash mode of Advance Attacker is perfect for Force Smash customs. AR: Advance Attacker (Advance Striker) (Force Smash Mode) WD:Circle Balance RC: Tornado Change Core (Dark Leopard MS)/Metal Sharp Core (Wyvern DJ, Advance Eterner)/Manual Change Core (Dranzer MS) Weight Disk (WD): Circle Heavy Weight: 16 grams Running Core (RC): Metal Flat Core Weight: 3 grams Metal Flat Core was intended to be an upgrade to Gaia Dragoon MS's Flat Core, and has generally proven to be so. It has superior movement speed, Survival and durability than its predecessor. The metal tip allows for extremely high speeds matching that of Metal Change Core (Death Gargoyle MS) and falling behind only to Grip Flat Core (Dragoon MS) and Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) (Dragoon MS UV). Because it is metal, it will not be worn down through use in battle in comparison to plastic- and rubber-tipped Running Cores. This RC also has the benefit for being extremely short. It is the third shortest RC, bested only by Grip Flat Core and Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version). This height makes is a good option for employing upper attack combos and compact attackers. By using the Sliding Shoot technique this can be an effective attack RC; without Sliding shoot, it is very uncontrolled and wild. Metal Flat Core is difficult to control in a stadium without a Tornado Ridge. Use in Upper Attack Customization The high movement speed of Metal Flat Core makes it a great choice for Attack customs when Dragoon MS UV's RC is not a viable option. AR: Circle Upper (Death Gargoyle MS) /Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS) WD: Circle Heavy /CWD Defense Ring (Sea Dragon) RC: Metal Flat Core (Advance Striker) Use in (Smash Attack) Customization Because the tip of Metal Flat Core is metal, its survival capability is much higher than that of Grip Flat Core and other similar RCs. This, along with the compact nature of Metal Spring and Circle Heavy makes this high spin-rate Smash Attack custom something that can be used to counter the generic Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) customs that are commonly seen in tournaments. AR: Metal Spring (Einstein MS) / Metal Ape (Magical Ape MS) / Jiraiya Blade (Jiraiya MS) WD: Circle Heavy RC: Metal Flat Core (Advance Striker) Other Versions Advance Striker - (Blue) Advance Striker - (Green) Gallery Advance Striker side view, Advance Attacker (Upper Attack mode) Advance Striker side view, Advance Attacker (Force Smash mode) Advance Attacker Advance Attacker, Metal Frame pictured Advance Attacker with Metal Frame detached Metal Flat Core Overall Advance Striker as a whole is a very well designed and constructed Beyblade. Its Attack Ring does has effective Upper Attack in right spin, but it is outclassed by the two most popular choices in the format (Circle Upper, Samurai Upper). This disparity prevents it from being used in most competitive play as an Upper Attack AR unless playing within Restricted HMS tournament Rules. Its real strength lies in its Force Smash ability and left-spin Upper Attack, two Attack styles which are far less populated. Force Smash ARs are infrequent, contrary to Circle Upper and Samurai Upper, which are only effective Upper Attackers in right spin. The RC Metal Flat Core is a very useful part to own. The low height, high speed and excellent durability make it a very good option for all Attack combos. Its features lend themselves well to Smash Attack customizations in a field overpopulated with Upper Attack Combos. Overall this is a good buy for HMS, and serious players and Attack Beyblade enthusiasts should have one in their collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Advance_Striker&oldid=13183"
