Archer Gryph C145S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Archer Gryph C145S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Archer Gryph C145S Number: BBG-12 System: Beyblade Zero-G Type: Balance Element: Thunder Contents 1 Metal Stone Face: Gryph 2 Chrome Wheel: Gryph 2.1 When used as the top Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom 2.2 When used as the bottom Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom 2.3 When used in Synchrom with another Gryph 3 Crystal Wheel: Archer 4 Track: Claw 145 5 Bottom: Sharp 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Archer Gryph C145S 7.2 Gryph Dragooon SA165WSF 8 Overall Metal Stone Face: Gryph Weight: grams The sticker on Archer Gryph's Metal Stone Faces illustrates the eagle part of a Griffin/Gryphon/Griffon. Chrome Wheel: Gryph Weight: 30.4 grams Full Width: 46.09 mm Minimum Width: 45.06 mm Full Height: 5.01 mm Gryph consists of eight distinct sections, similar in shape to those of the Leone Metal Wheel. Four of Gryph's protrusions have spikes curved in a right-spin direction, and the other half of the sections mostly consists of straight boulders, like on Bakushin. One of the latter sections is however in the shape of an eagle head viewed from a profile perspective, with the orb from the Crystal Wheel showing on the left border of the head. Opposite of the eagle head, Gryph has one main contact point that helps to provide Force Smash, when used as a Synchrom Bottom Wheel; Upper Smash, as a Synchrom Top Wheel. When used as the top Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom When used as a top Chrome Wheel, Gryph's compact shape makes it barely extend beyond other Chrome Wheels' circumferences. This means it can't make solid contact in most cases. However, Gryph performs excellently on one Chrome Wheel: Pegasis. Because of the direction of Pegasis' smaller wings, Pegasis has more Smash on the bottom of a right-spin Synchrom customization. Gryph can fully expose those contact points, as well as help to increase the spin velocity of the combo. Gryph can be used in the Attack combination MSF-H Pegasis Gryph W145R²F. If Pegasis isn't available, Ifraid can be used. When used as the bottom Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom Gryph, similar to its situation when at the top of a Synchrom, does not go past many Chrome Wheels on the bottom of a Synchrom. However, its smaller diameter helps in two ways: an increase in spin velocity due to the concentration of the weight, and revealing the contact points of the other Chrome Wheel. Gryph can enhance the top Chrome Wheel by giving it a higher RPM, which will allow more contact points to hit. Gryph also has a good amount of Force smash, which can help when facing lower opponents. Despite this, it is still outclassed by Chrome Wheels in Synchrom with themselves, such as the Wyvang Wyvang Synchrom. If two Wyvangs are not at a Blader's disposition, however, it can be used as a substitute in combos such as MSF-H Gryph Wyvang GB145R²F. When used in Synchrom with another Gryph Gryph can fully expose its main contact points when combined in Synchrom with itself, which creates a powerful Smash Attack customization. It also has a lot of Force Smash, due to its large Force Smash slopes. Despite this, Chrome Wheels such as Wyvang and Begirados outperform Gryph for Smash Attack. The Gryph Gryph Synchrom does find use in Balance customs though. Thanks to Gryph's Force Smash, it can KO Stamina Types when used on a high-Track Balance combo. When paired with the E230 Track, it can also outspin most Defense Types that have tall Tracks because of the grinding from E230's disk. Thus, combining it with E230 helps defend against attackers and grind down the stamina of Defense Types. On top of that, with the Bottom BSF, which has nice stamina while still having the tendency to roam around the stadium, Gryph Gryph has excellent use in the custom MSF-H Gryph Gryph E230 BSF. Crystal Wheel: Archer Weight: 5.16 grams Archer has large curves from a bow protruding around one half of its circumference, with some fancy string details engraved in the rest of the design, notably where the crystal is located. Like any other Crystal Wheel, Archer is however too light to be effective versus all Synchrom customizations as well as most 4D combinations. Track: Claw 145 Weight: 3.2 grams Maximum Width: 34.0 mm Minimum Width: 27.0 mm Full Height: 14.50 mm Claws & Platform Height: 7.8 mm C145 has three wings which extend outwards, each separately joined onto the underside of the Track. These are free-moving, and hence when the Beyblade is launched, these point outwards due to spin velocity. Their free-moving nature makes them decently effective for defensive purposes, as they are able to withstand low hits to the Track without significant spin loss, effectively absorbing the shock by rotating inwards. Furthermore, the Track is heavier than non-gimmicked Tracks such as 145, providing extra weight essential for Defense. As such, the Track used to be an essential part for current Defense customizations in old metagames, however the release of many wider, heavier and taller Tracks has rendered C145 useless now. Even in Zero-G Stadiums, when the Beyblade wobbles, the claws might have impact with the floor, causing loss of balance, severe loss of stamina or resulting in the Beyblade completely ceasing to spin. Bottom: Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 4.14 mm Full Height: 8.83 mm Tip Height: 6.82 mm Tip Angle: 35° Sharp was released as Spike in the Hasbro release.The Sharp Bottom offers very little movement and as such provides no Attack potential. The pointed tip allows for very little friction between the Bottom and the stadium surface, which helps prevent the loss of spin velocity. However, due to the fine nature of the tip, the Bottom is easily knocked off balance, and hence is outclassed by superior alternatives such as D or SD. Other Versions Gryph Dragooon SA165WSF Coro Dra Model - Special CoroCoro Lottery Campaign, only 10 were available (Dark Dragooon, Track and Bottom, red Gryph) Pirates Gryph 160CF - BBG-17 Random Booster Vol. 2 Archer Gargole SA165WSF (Purple stickers) Shinobi Gryph WD145TB - BBG-23 Random Booster Vol. 3 Bandid Genbull F230TB (Pink and purple stickers) Gryph Girago WA130HF - BBG-24 Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Attack & Balance Type (Red, blue and purple stickers) Gallery Official render of Archer Archer Gryph Box Front View Archer Gryph Box Back View Archer Gryph Box Side View One Archer Gryph Box Side View Two Archer Gryph C145S Archer Gryph front view Archer Gryph underside view Archer Gryph 3/4 view Archer Gryph (Crystal mode up) front view Archer Gryph (Crystal mode up) side view Archer Gryph (Crystal mode up ) 3/4 view Archer Gryph Metal Stone Face Gryph top view Gryph underside view Archer top view Archer underside view Claw 145 Sharp Gryph Dragooon SA165WSF Gryph Dragooon SA165WSF Overall Gryph is an excellent replacement in Attack combos, and has great use in Balance customs as well. While Archer, C145, and S have no competitive use, Archer Gryph also includes a Metal Stone Face, which is useful for all kinds of customizations. This, combined with the potential of the Gryph Chrome Wheel, means all Bladers should own multiples of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Archer_Gryph_C145S&oldid=12940"
