Bandid Goreim DF145BS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Bandid Goreim DF145BS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization This article is a stub! The next step is to write detailed reviews of the parts' performances based on extensive testing. To this end, please post a draft in The Beywiki Project forum. This article cannot be edited without approval past this point. Bandid Goreim DF145BS Number: BBG-20 System: Beyblade Zero-G Type: Defense Element: Earth Contents 1 Metal Stone Face: Goreim 2 Chrome Wheel: Goreim 3 Crystal Wheel: Bandid 4 Track: Down Force 145 4.1 Use in Stamina Customization 5 Bottom: Ball Sharp 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Bandid Goreim DF145BS 8 Overall Metal Stone Face: Goreim The sticker on this Metal Stone Face illustrates a golem, a mythical creature in the shape of a humanoid made of stone. Chrome Wheel: Goreim Weight: 29.6 grams Almost similar to Bakushin's rock cliff design, Goreim is built with many sections that resemble rocks, with many crevasses everywhere. Since Bandid Goreim appears to be inspired by the theme of a warrior too, several protrusions like pieces of an armor constitute Goreim's outermost circumference. On the opposite side of the hole where the Crystal Wheel protrudes is a helmet designed into the Chrome Wheel. The weight, albeit light in comparison to other Chrome Wheels, seems distributed right on its edges, away from its center. Crystal Wheel: Bandid Weight: 4.8 grams Its original color is green. A clear derivative of a "bandit", Bandid oddly does not have a design reminescent of those characters. It vaguely illustrates some longer daggers, but it mostly complements Goreim's shape entirely: like the latter, this Crystal Wheel has block shapes with ridges in them. Track: Down Force 145 Weight: 1.5 grams Full Width: 21.53 mm Height: 14.50 mm DF145 has four upward facing wings protruding from the top of the Track, which aside from giving it extra weight are meant to push air downwards. It is on par with 145, while AD145 is superior by a small margin when used in Stamina combinations. Use in Stamina Customization If the aforementioned parts aren't accessible, DF145 can still be put to good use in the custom, Phantom Cancer/Cygnus DF145WD. Bottom: Ball Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.71 mm Tip Width: 5.64 mm Full Height: 8.78 mm Sharp Tip Angle: 35° BS's performance is quite similar to that of S. BS offers very little movement and as such gives no Attack potential. The pointed tip allows for very little friction between the Bottom and the stadium surface, which helps prevent the loss of spin velocity. BS has decent Stamina, but because the tip is so fine, it experiences the same balance issues that S does. D, SD, and WD are much better choices. Other Versions Goreim Revizer E230SB - BBG-25 Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Stamina & Defense Type (Yellow, blue, green and black stickers) Gallery Bandid Goreim Box Front View Bandid Goreim Box Back View Bandid Goreim Box Side View One Bandid Goreim Box Side View Two Bandid Goreim DF145BS Overall Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Bandid_Goreim_DF145BS&oldid=13520"
