Basalt Horogium 145WD - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Basalt Horogium 145WD From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Basalt Horogium 145WD Number: BB-104 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Defense Note: Basalt Horogium was released as a starter by TAKARA-TOMY with the Light Launcher 2, while the Sonokong starter was released with the Snipe Launcher. Basalt Horogium 145WD is the fifth and final Beyblade in the Maximum Series. Basalt Horogium 145WD's "gimmick" is the "maximum weight" of its Metal Wheel. Contents 1 Name Change 2 Face: Horogium 3 Clear Wheel: Horogium 3.1 Use In Attack Customization 4 Metal Wheel: Basalt 4.1 Use in Defense Customization 4.2 Use in Stamina Customization 5 Track: 145 6 Bottom: Wide Defense 6.1 Use in Stamina Customization 7 Other Versions 8 Gallery 8.1 Basalt Horogium 145WD 8.2 MF-H Basalt Horogium 130RS (Yellow) 9 Overall Name Change Basalt Horogium 145WD was released by Hasbro as Twisted Tempo 145WD. Face: Horogium Weight: 1.05 Grams The Face on this Beyblade depicts Horologium, one of the 88 constellations in space. Horologium is the pendulum clock constellation. Clear Wheel: Horogium Weight: 2.71 grams Full Width: 38 mm Full Height: 7 mm Minimum Height: 5 mm The Horogium Clear Wheel was released in a grayish-blue color. It is gear shaped, with white Roman Numerals reminiscent of a clock decorating the circumference. However, there is a rectangular gap where "III" is supposed to be and 2 clock hands causing irregular weight distribution. Therefore, this Clear Wheel shouldn't be used in any Defense or Stamina combos. However, Horogium exposes the slopes on the Screw Metal Wheel, and can be used in the Attack custom described below. Use In Attack Customization Though Pisces exposes Screw better than Horogium, it can still be used in the Attack custom MF Screw Horogium 90RF. Metal Wheel: Basalt Weight: 47.52 grams Maximum Width (+ bulge): 44.0 mm Minimum Width: 43.0 mm Staircase of Death to top: 10.0 mm Full Height: 11.0 mm Extra Height at Top: 2.0 mm Basalt is a completely circular Metal Wheel, with sets of indents distributed around its circumference and is almost cylindrical in its thickness, part of which overhangs the Track being used in conjunction with it. Basalt is a member of the Maximum Series, with its "gimmick" being "maximum weight". At the time of its release, it was the heaviest Metal Wheel ever created, even heavier and thicker than the infamous Libra. With the release of Diablo it is no longer the heaviest Metal Wheel, but Basalt's circular nature, in combination with its abnormally heavy weight, make it without a doubt one of the best Metal Wheels for Defense customizations. However, Basalt is missing a chunk of metal inside its perimeter which forms what is called the "Spiral Staircase of Death". The "Spiral Staircase of Death" was meant to neuter Basalt's incredibly high power slightly by creating an imbalance within the Wheel. While this imbalance does indeed occur, it is not a notable hindrance to its usefulness. In fact, despite the imbalance/wobbling caused by the "Spiral Staircase of Death", Basalt also has strong Stamina, although it has since been outclassed by Scythe and Phantom. The imbalance/wobbling caused by the "Spiral Staircase of Death" does contribute slightly to the Recoil Basalt suffers, but again, this is not a huge hindrance to its usefulness. While it may be one of the best Metal Wheels, the introduction of much heavier Wheels such as 4D Metal Wheels and Chrome Wheels later in Beyblade Zero-G have pushed it to an outclassed state, and Basalt now only serves in outdated metagames or niche combos. Revizer, Duo and Killerken are better alternatives. Use in Defense Customization Although Basalt has recoil because of the metal missing from the wheel, its sheer weight alone makes Basalt more effective than Earth and even Libra at Defense. Its capabilities can be utilized in the staple custom MF-H Basalt Bull BD145MB/CS. Use in Stamina Customization Basalt may have a bad solo-spin time, but nevertheless, its Stamina in battle is impressive. In addition, its recoil reduces the opponent's rotation speed and can sometimes knock it out. Basalt's Stamina ability can be used to great effect in the custom Basalt Bull AD145WD. Track: 145 Weight: 1.47 grams Full Width: 20 mm Minimum Width: 18 mm Height: 14.50 mm 145, along with its variants (C145, DF145, etc.), was once the highest Track available, until the 230 Track was released with Flame Byxis. It can be used in Stamina customs to great effect due to its tall height, which allows for more wobbling as the Beyblade loses its spin velocity. However, gimmick-paired Tracks like BD145 have immensely outclassed their original bare variant, on top of several taller gimmick Tracks surpassing 145 as well against heavy, mid-height Attackers. Even in Stamina battles, 145 does not offer enough balance: Tracks like AD145 and W145 provide a good center of gravity, and aid with a slight downforce to maintain stability. Bottom: Wide Defense Weight: 0.7 gram Full Width: 15.53 mm Tip Width: 14.17 mm Full Height: 8.92 mm Tip Height: 6.75 mm Tip Angle: 40° Wide Defense, as its name implies is one of the widest of the "Defense" series of Bottoms (D, SD, WD, PD, EWD). This brings numerous advantages, but also some disadvantages when compared to the other "Defense" Bottoms, specifically D. The advantages include its ability for abnormally long precession times due to its massive width that reaches the edge of the Bottom's perimeter. This allows it to wobble at a significantly larger angle for a longer period of time than D, and at a much lower spin rate. However, depending on the position of the Beyblade using WD and the spin rate of the opponent, this can be disadvantageous because of how easy it becomes to knock over the precessing WD custom. This low spin rate towards the end of the battle is created because in the process of wobbling at such a large angle, more friction is made with the stadium floor, thus decreasing its Stamina. Nevertheless, this more often an advantage than it is a disadvantage. Newer parts such as CS, EDS and B:D have overshadowed WD to some degree: CS and EDS due to their ability to be paired with the popular BD145 Track without scraping, and B:D because of its height and even longer precession times, but WD is still one of the best pure Stamina Bottoms available. However, when selecting high Tracks such as TH170 and 230, WD's tendency to wobble at larger angles should be kept in mind, as its extreme precession can often become problematic. Although the name suggests Defensive characteristics, WD does not possess any inherent defensive qualities. However, its proficiency can be increased significantly when facing left-spin Attackers through the utilization of the Weak Shooting technique. Use in Stamina Customization WD is arguably the best of the "Defense" series, and can be used in the custom Scythe Kronos AD145WD. Other Versions Vulcan Horogium BD145RS - Random Booster Vol.7 Beat Lynx (Burgundy) MF-H Basalt Horogium 130RS - Strongest Blader Set (Yellow) Horogium Clear Wheel - WBBA Exclusive (Pearl White with gold numbers) Gallery Basalt Horogium Box Front View (hasbro ver.) Basalt Horogium Box Back View (hasbro ver.) Basalt Horogium 145WD Basalt Horogium Front view Basalt Horogium Bottom view Horogium Face Bolt Horogium Clear Wheel Horogium Clear Wheel Side view Basalt Metal Wheel Basalt Metal Wheel Side view Basalt's Spiral Staircase of Death 145 Track 145 Track Side view Wide Defense Tip WD Side view MF-H Basalt Horogium 130RS (Yellow) Top View 3/4 View MF-H 130 Track Rubber Sharp Tip Overall Basalt Horogium 145WD contains only one top-tier part that has succeeded in aging well despite the release of more innovative and heavier parts. Indeed, WD is one of the best Stamina Bottoms available. Its Metal Wheel, Basalt, is in no way bad, however it cannot hold its ground against the heavier and more aggressive Attack parts released since, like Flash, compared to the newer and better heavy-weights that defend well against them. Horogium, while a non-essential part, does have use as a good alternative to Pisces for exposing Screw's slopes. Therefore, this Beyblade should only be considered if all preferred alternatives cannot be purchased, or for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Basalt_Horogium_145WD&oldid=13417"
