Berserker Begirados SR200BWD - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Berserker Begirados SR200BWD From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization This article is a stub! The next step is to write detailed reviews of the parts' performances based on extensive testing. To this end, please post a draft in The Beywiki Project forum. This article cannot be edited without approval past this point. Berserker Begirados SR200BWD Number: BBG-22 System: Beyblade Zero-G Type: Stamina Element: Earth Contents 1 Stone Face: Begirados 2 Chrome Wheel: Begirados 3 Crystal Wheel: Berserker 4 Track: Stamina Ring 200 5 Bottom: Big Wide Defense 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Stone Face: Begirados Weight: 1.2 grams The sticker on this Stone Face represents a combination of a Behemoth and Pegira, an Ultraman monster similar to Godzilla with one horn on its forehead and two huge fangs. This is why the Beyblade is called Begirados: the 'b' comes from Behemoth. Chrome Wheel: Begirados Weight: 30.5 grams Begirados illustrates a clear monster head in a profile view with the centre of the Beyblade right between its jaws. It has a huge fang and a few smaller sharp teeths creating relief on the top, as well as one horn forming one whole side with ragged edges. This same pattern also adorns the opposite side of the Chrome Wheel. Considering that the other sides are made of the bottom of the jaw and the top of the head, Begirados still has a relatively symetrical design. The hole where the Crystal Wheel's orb is supposed to protrude represents the eye, but it is too small to allow the whole orb to stick out. Crystal Wheel: Berserker Weight: 4.5 grams With a mostly symmetrical design, Berserker represents lines of chains as well as segments that could represent gloves or much bigger sections of a chain. The Crystal Wheel's orb and its opposite side appear to be boulders in the chains. Track: Stamina Ring 200 Weight: 3.3 gram Full Width: 26.5 mm Core Width: 10.0 mm Height: 20.00 mm Similar to D125, SR200 possesses a wide and lengthy stamina ring around its core. This ring, while circular around the center, is completely straight vertically. Bottom: Big Wide Defense Weight: 1.0 gram Full Width: mm Tip Width: mm Full Height: mm Tip Height: mm Tip Angle: 30° As its name suggests, BWD is simply a considerably bigger version of WD: while the latter has a clear width separation with its base that locks onto the Track, BWD takes up all this space, and extends lower too. Other Versions Gallery Overall Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Berserker_Begirados_SR200BWD&oldid=12080"
