Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Defense and Stamina Type - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Defense and Stamina Type From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization The correct title of this article is Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Defense & Stamina Type. The substitution or omission of the & is due to technical restrictions. TAKARA-TOMY released this set on November 17th, 2012 for approximately 3150 yen. Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Defense & Stamina Type Number: BBG-25 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Contents 1 Content 2 Overall 3 Gallery This product and the Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Attack & Balance Type were released as obvious Christmas present suggestions in Japan, to attempt to boost the sales of the series. Content Goreim Revizer E230SB (nicknamed Pier Defense) Killerken Balro A230WB (Purple) (nicknamed All-Around Defense) Orojya Wyvang 145EDS (nicknamed Heavy Endurance) AD145 160 WD JSB Overall As one of the last releases of the Metal Fight Beyblade Zero-G series and following the logic that TAKARA-TOMY releases better parts at every passing month, this Set and the Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Attack & Balance Type contain some of the best parts for all Metal Fight Beyblade metagames. This Set has great quantity-quality value especially with the inclusion of six Chrome Wheels, however as a bonus, those Chrome Wheels are almost all competitive and even top-tier. Goreim and Orojya see less use in either classic or Zero-G metagames, but Revizer, Killerken, Balro and Wyvang are extremely powerful in Defense, Stamina and Attack. The Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Defense & Stamina Type actually offers a great starting base for any Blader, to the point where only a couple of purchases are needed after acquiring this Set to be able to build top-tier combos. Such additional purchases count Dark Knight Dragooon LW160BSF and this Set's sister release, the Beyblade Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Attack & Balance Type, for instance. The Tracks and Bottoms contained in this Set are less impressive than its Chrome Wheels, but E230, A230, and AD145 can still find use. In conclusion, every Blader should own at least one of this Set. Gallery Set content Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Beyblade_Ultimate_Synchrom_DX_Set_Defense_and_Stamina_Type&oldid=11958"
