Big Bang Pegasis F:D - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Big Bang Pegasis F:D From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Big Bang Pegasis F:D Number: BB-105 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: Pegasis III 2 4D Clear Wheel: Pegasis III 3 4D Metal Wheel: Big Bang 3.1 PC Frame 3.2 Metal Frame 3.3 Core 3.4 Use in Attack Customizations 4 Bottom: Final:Drive 4.1 Use in Anti-Meta Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Big Bang Pegasis F:D 6.2 Big Bang Pegasis F:D - Japan Championship 2012 6.3 Big Bang Pegasis F:D - Gold Wing Ver 6.4 Big Bang Pegasis F:D - DX Set Ver 6.5 Big Bang Pegasis 105RF - Asia Model 6.6 Big Bang Pegasis 125SF - Blue Wing Ver 6.7 Big Bang Pegasis F:D - gold from Legend Beyblade Set 7 Overall Face: Pegasis III The Face depicts Pegasus, one of the 88 constellations in space. The Pegasis III version has horizontal lines breaking through the "P" and "S" on either side of the Pegasus head, and is generally in a lighter tone. 4D Clear Wheel: Pegasis III Weight: 3.14 grams The Pegasis III Clear Wheel's original release is blue. It has two crescent-shaped edges which have wing designs on them. It also has "iron dust" particles that slightly shine inside of it for extra weight, although the effect is negligible since its weight remains average. It was, however, supposed to be a new feature of the 4D System. 4D Metal Wheel: Big Bang Weight: 41.83 grams Big Bang is a unique Metal Wheel. It has three "wings", each etched with the intricate design of feathers. It is separated into three parts, the PC Frame, the Metal Frame, and the Core. PC Frame Weight: 2.50 grams The PC Frame is the plastic and top part of Big Bang. It has three sets of two square holes underneath it that connect with the Metal Frame. When rotated, the cubes on the Metal Frame that the holes connect to are inserted in a different hole, changing the mode of the PC Frame. It is dyed red and is made of polycarbonate, but it is generally too far away and too incrusted inside the Metal Wheel to really come into contact with an opposing Beyblade and absorb the shock as it should. Metal Frame Weight: 25.48 grams The Metal Frame is the main and middle part of Big Bang. It has three cubes on the top that connect to holes in the PC Frame. It also has three sets of two holes on the underside that allow a mode change with the Core's own cubes. As its name suggests, it is made of metal, and it contains most of the feather details in Big Bang?s design. Core Weight: 13.81 grams The Core is the bottom part of Big Bang. It connects with the Metal Frame with cubes that get inserted in the Metal Frame?s holes. It is the part that the Track and Clear Wheel attach to. It is also made of metal, and is shaped mostly like lower wings full of small feathers that complement the Metal Frame's design. By turning the PC Frame and Core, you can make four different modes: Smash Attack Mode The PC Frame blocks the upper part of the hole between the Metal Frame's wings, and the Core is retreated closer to the end of the Metal Frame's feathers, to create a bigger wing. Upper Attack Mode The slope of the PC Frame aligns with the angle of the Metal Frame's wings, and the Core fits more under the holes between the Metal Frame's wings. Barrage Mode The slope of the PC Frame aligns with the angle of the Metal Frame's wings, but the Core is retreated closer to the end of the Metal Frame's feathers, to create a bigger wing. Omni-Directional Attack Mode The PC Frame blocks the upper part of the hole between the Metal Frame's wings, but the Core fits more under the holes between those wings. Barrage Mode and Omni-Directional Attack Mode are largely considered the best modes, although the difference between each mode is almost negligible. Testing has shown it is a good Attack Metal Wheel, and it has use in Defense, to an extent. It has since been severely outclassed by many much better Metal Wheels in Attack and Defense though. Basalt and almost every other 4D Metal Wheel have performed considerably better in all aspects since its release, and with the beginning of Synchrom, it is not recommendable to use Big Bang anymore. Use in Attack Customizations Big Bang has been proven to have decent Attack power when paired with the TH170 track at 220 height, producing the combo MF Big Bang (Barrage Mode) Pegasis III TH170(220 height)RF. Bottom: Final:Drive Weight: 5.85 gram Full Width: 27.78 mm Full Height: 21.18 mm Tip Height at rubber: 19.65 mm F:D is a 4D Bottom, a fusion between a Track and a Bottom. It is therefore fairly large, to compensate for this merge of two parts. The main gimmick of this 4D Bottom is the automatic change of tip that activates during battle, where the SF-shaped tip retracts inside the base to allow the very wide rubber-coated, Hole-Flat-like shape to make contact with the stadium floor. This mechanism works because two tabs on the side of F:D pull out from the centrifugal force. When they extend, the SF tip comes out of the hole, and when the centrifugal force decreases because the Beyblade loses spin, the tabs pop back inwards and the SF bottom retreats, leaving an aggressive rubber tip with a hole in it. F:D has only found use in niche Anti-Meta combos, but is otherwise ruined by the automatic gimmick which cannot be stopped, therefore it is competitively useless. The intent of the mechanism is to give one last boost of energy to an Attack type, however at such low velocity, the hits are poor, it gets destabilized, and the added rubber surface only serves to lower the customization?s stamina drastically, which is actually how most Beyblades try to win at the end of a BeyBattle. Use in Anti-Meta Customization An example of an Anti-Meta custom that F:D can be used in is MF-H Gravity Perseus F:D. Other Versions Big Bang Pegasis III F:D - Big Bang Pegasis DX Set (White PC Frame) Big Bang Pegasis III F:D - Grade 1 event prizes, Japan Championship 2012 (Gold+10,000 BeyPoints, silver+8,000 BeyPoints, bronze+5,000 BeyPoints) Big Bang Pegasis III F:D Gold Wing Ver. - CoroCoro exclusive (Gold Metal Frame and Core, blue PC Frame, purple-grey 4D Clear Wheel, green 4D Bottom) Big Bang Pegasis II 105RF Dream Ver./Asia Model - World Championship 2012 exclusive (Gold Metal Frame and Core, red PC Frame) Big Bang Pegasis 125SF Blue Wing Ver. - World Championship Asia exclusive, Ultimate Bey Ta machine challenge prize Big Bang Pegasis F:D - Legend Beyblade Set (Gold) Big Bang Pegasis III F:D - Pegasis Leone Rev Up Launcher VS Set, Hong Kong limited (Bronze-gold Metal Frame and Core, dark grey PC Frame, pink 4D Clear Wheel) Cosmic Pegasus W105R²F - Hasbro Metal Fury (Printed Face, opaque Clear Wheel, red paint on Metal Wheel, red Track and Bottom) Cosmic Pegasus F:D - Hasbro Hyperblade Series (Printed Face, yellow PC Frame, yellow Bottom) Gallery Big Bang Pegasis F:D Front view Underside view Side view Pegasis III top view Pegasis III underside view PC Frame top view PC Frame underside view Metal Frame top view Metal Frame underside view Metal Core top view Metal Core underside view F:D side view F:D top view Omnidirectional/Smash Attack Mode without PC Frame side view Barrage/Upper Attack Mode without PC Frame side view Barrage Mode side view Upper Attack Mode side view Smash Attack Mode side view Omnidirectional Mode side view Smash Attack Mode top view Omnidirectional Mode top view Upper Attack Mode top view Barrage Mode top view Barrage Mode Omnidirectional Mode Smash Attack Mode Upper Attack Mode Big Bang Pegasis F:D - Japan Championship 2012 Big Bang Pegasis F:D - Gold Wing Ver Big Bang Pegasis F:D - DX Set Ver Front view Underside view Big Bang Pegasis 105RF - Asia Model Front view Underside view Pegasis Face Pegasis II top view PC Frame top view Big Bang top view Big Bang Metal Frame and Metal Core 105 RF Big Bang Pegasis 125SF - Blue Wing Ver Front view Underside view 125 SF Big Bang Pegasis F:D - gold from Legend Beyblade Set Overall Big Bang Pegasis F:D is overly outclassed in all aspects, and should only be acquired for the novelty of its gimmicks to find potential in niche combinations. There is no reason to purchase this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Big_Bang_Pegasis_F:D&oldid=13418"
