Bistool - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Bistool From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Bistool Number: 8 System: 4-Layer Type: Balance Contents 1 Colour Variation 2 Attack Ring (AR): Wing Cross 2.1 Use in First Generation Zombies 2.2 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 2.3 Use in Compact Combos 2.4 Use in Balance Combos 3 Weight Disk (WD): Heavy 4 Blade Base (BB): Semi-Flat Base 5 How Bistool Changed the North American Scene: 10bBistool 5.1 Use of 10bBistool in Final Matches 5.2 How to Defeat 10bBistool 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Colour Variation Takara released this Beyblade in clear turquoise, while the Hasbro release used opaque turquoise plastic. Attack Ring (AR): Wing Cross Weight: 5 grams Wing Cross is a strong AR because of its extremely evenly distributed weight, thin size, and smooth edges. It was previously commonly used among zombies/spin-stealers before becoming outclassed by other ARs, such as Galeon's War Lion or Driger S's Tiger Defenser. Despite this, Wing Cross did not become obsolete. Wing Cross stayed popular in the 10bBistool combo, and also in some compact combos. This AR has many uses in balance and survival type combos. Use in First Generation Zombies Wing Cross was used as an AR in first generation zombies (that is, before the S Series was released). It was used because of its balanced weight distribution, thin design, and because its projections (the attack spikes protruding from the AR) could be used to steal spin, as they extended just beyond the reach of the Wide Survivor WD. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations The mold variation of the Wing Cross AR is what makes it such a popular choice. While the Takara version of Bistool, Gekiryu-oh and Frostic Dranzer, along with the Hasbro older versions of Gekiryu-oh and Frostic Dranzer have thin spikes, the ends of Hasbro Bistool's, Frostic Dranzer's (new mold), and Gekiryu-oh's (new mold) spikes have been connected to the center of the AR, supposedly to prevent breaking. Because of this, Wing Cross's AR's new mold has become a far more popular choice than the older mold. All of the references to Wing Cross following in this article (that is, excluding the use in zombie combos refer to Hasbro's refined mold, and not any other mold. While the performance of Wing Cross is still good in other molds, the new mold made this AR outrageously effective. Use in Compact Combos Wing Cross did find some use in compact Beyblades, particularly in a 4-Layer combo using Draciel Metal Ball Defenser's BB, Metal Ball Base. AR: Wing Cross (Bistool) WD: Ten Heavy BB: Metal Ball Base (Draciel Metal Ball Defenser) This is the combo that was used by Noland in the North American Championships. Additionally, while not as prominent, it did find some use in the standard compact set: AR: Wing Cross (Bistool) WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo Right SG (Heavy Metal Core) (Metal Driger) BB: SG Semi-Flat Although commonly Driger S's Tiger Defense AR is used in this style of combos, Wing Cross has some use. However, because of its higher recoil, it can be a risky decision. Because of its thin frame and light, balanced weight, it doesn't interfere with the spin velocity increase gained from Compact combos. Use in Balance Combos Exchanging the Ten Heavy WD with a Ten Balance WD in the combos listed in the compact section will decrease its spin velocity, but it will increase its Survival abilities substantially. As a reference, here are the altered combos that will be very good as balance combos. AR: Wing Cross (Bistool) WD: Ten Balance BB: Metal Ball Base (Draciel Metal Ball Defenser) AR: Wing Cross (Bistool) WD: Ten Balance SG: Neo Right SG (Heavy Metal Core) (Metal Driger) BB: SG Semi-Flat Additionally, one of the best balance combos, the 10bBistool, is discussed later on in this article. Weight Disk (WD): Heavy See Heavy (WD). Blade Base (BB): Semi-Flat Base See Semi-Flat Base. How Bistool Changed the North American Scene: 10bBistool There is a very special and strong balance type combination that was discovered, primarily by Bey Brad and Anubis. In fact, the only change from the original Bistool was the WD. The combo is: AR: Wing Cross WD: Ten Balance BB: Semi-Flat This combo proved to be incredibly powerful as a balance type. In fact, at the OtC Tag Beybattle Revolution Tournament at Anime North in 2003, the entire tournament was won with 10bBistool. This Beyblade works particularly well against defense types and other balance types, who have a hard time defeating it. For general use, this combo can be used. Use of 10bBistool in Final Matches Official tournaments always held their final matches inside of a large stadium with a spinning center and no pockets. 10bBistool is a great choice for this stadium for several reasons. The best way to defeat Bistool is to knock it out of the Beystadium. Because there are no pockets/wall openings inside this stadium, Bistool performs considerably well. Bey Brad has won tournaments using 10bBistool in this stadium. Because the playing field is so large, it is hard to hit Bistool with its biggest weaknesses: a strong Attack Beyblade. Also, because the Beyblade moves down a slope into the stadium, there is no way to aim to hit Bistool. How to Defeat 10bBistool There are two ways to beat a Bistool with ease. A Powerful Smash Attack/Upper Attack Beyblade: Because of 10bBistool's relatively low weight, it is quite easy to knock around. Smash attack will smash it into walls, into pockets, or out of the Beystadium. In a smaller stadium, such as Tornado Balance Type S, or in the hands of a player who is good at predicting the opponent and good at aiming, this sort of Beyblade will make quick work of 10bBistool. A Pure Survival Type Beyblade: Because of 10bBistool's relatively low attack power, it cannot damage survival types with ease. A zombie, spin-stealer, or other pure survival type will manage against 10bBistool. Be warned however, that if the survival type Beyblade is not able to make a sufficient amount of contact with 10bBistool, the survival type will likely be out-spun. Other Versions Gekiryu-oh Frostic Dranzer Gallery Hasbro V-Force Bistool box Hasbro V-Force Bistool back of box Bistool sticker sheet Wing Cross attack ring Top view 3/4 view Side view Bottom view Overall While Wing Cross, in particular the less recoil-prone if more fragile and more difficult-to-find first mold, is unparalleled for Right Spin Survival and an excellent Attack Ring overall, Semi-Flat Base decent if outclassed by Zombie setups, Heavy a useful Weight Disk and Bistool's uncustomized performance remarkably solid ? being arguably the best of the three Wing Cross Beyblades (itself, Frostic Dranzer and Gekiryu-Oh) thanks to its superior Weight Disk, the availability of cheaper and sometimes more versatile alternatives such as Driger S and Roller Defenser means that it falls short of being a must have. This Beyblade is not a must-have, but it is nevertheless a welcome addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Bistool&oldid=13471"
