Blitz Unicorno 100RSF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Blitz Unicorno 100RSF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Number: BB-117 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: Unicorno II 2 4D Clear Wheel: Unicorno II 3 4D Metal Wheel: Blitz 3.1 Metal Frame 3.2 Core 3.3 Use in Attack Customizations 4 Track: 100 5 Bottom: Rubber Semi-Flat 5.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 5.2 Use in Defense Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Face: Unicorno II The Face Bolt depicts "Monoceros", one of the 88 constellations in space. Monoceros is Greek for "Unicorn", in which the Beyblade is based on. The design resembles the design on the original Unicorno Face Bolt but has a more elaborate motif, featuring an angled lighting effect on the tip of the horn. 4D Clear Wheel: Unicorno II Weight: 3.27 Grams Unicorno II resembles the original Unicorno Clear Wheel but wider with Iron powder scattered throughout it, as is common with 4D Beyblades. The three "horns" of the Unicorn motif are now purple instead of bronze, as they were on the original Unicorno Clear Wheel. As this CW is thicker, more elevated, and heavier than its predecessor, it should take priority when selecting a three-sided CW. 4D Metal Wheel: Blitz Weight: 43.72 Grams This Metal Wheel is made up of two parts. A Core, which comprises the bulk of the Metal Wheel, and a Metal Frame. Metal Frame Weight: 12.65 Grams The Metal Frame of this 4D Metal Wheel is the piece that acts as the primary mechanism behind its Mode Change. It has three small protrusions, which fit in with the gaps in the Core, and the protrusions are smaller than each protrusion on the Core. Core Weight: 31.07 grams Blitz's Core has three separate primary contact points, whereupon the metal slopes down and outward into a finer surface, creating "bumps" on the front-most portion of each wing segment. These slopes provide an advantage in the form of allowing maximum contact with the primary contact points, and often throwing the opposing Wheel slightly off balance when used on a lower Track. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Blitz features a mode changing gimmick. It works by rotating the Metal Frame while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Assault Attack Mode In this mode, the protrusions on each side of the Metal Frame fit against the six contact points of the Core, creating a single "Wing" on each side, forming a shape very much like Triple Wing (Trygle) from the Plastics generation. Barrage Attack Mode In this mode, the amount of contact points or "Wings" is doubled from three to six by rotating the Metal Frame. However, in doing this, the length of each wing is shortened. Assault Attack Mode is usually the preferred mode of the two, as it is shown to have considerably lower amounts of Recoil, while providing more consistent contact force with it's longer, more pronounced wings. This Wheel has proven to be highly functional and is considered a top-tier right-spin Smash Attack Metal Wheel. It is one of few Smash Wheels with the ability to net a solid KO even at a low spin-velocity. However, this Wheel also suffers from extremely high recoil, and falls prey to an outstanding weakness to left-spin Attackers such as Lightning L Drago/L Drago Destroy 85/90/CH120/BD145RF/R2F/LRF. Since heavier and more aggressive Wheels such as Flash and Wyvang were released, Blitz, which was already a second choice compared to VariAres, became considerably outclassed, especially in battles against the equally heavier Defense parts from Zero-G. Use in Attack Customizations Blitz's Smash Attack can be used to great effect in the versatile Attack custom, MF Blitz Unicorno II CH120R2F. Additionally, the low-profile combo, Blitz Unicorno II 85R2F has been discovered to be capable of easily and reliably KOing MF-H Basalt Kerbecs BD145CS. Track: 100 Weight: 1.0 gram This Track is currently the third lowest track available, but is outclassed in terms of Attack and Stamina by the 85 and 90 Tracks. 100 usually has no problem with floor scrapes, and while it is generally an outclassed part, is still competitively viable, particularly in Attack customizations where it is able to make good contact with most opposing Beyblades. Bottom: Rubber Semi-Flat Weight: 0.7 grams RSF, or Rubber Semi-Flat, is an SF Bottom completely made out of rubber. It is essentially a flat tip with a smaller radius, affording it a firm, defensive grip on the Stadium, but still allowing for a somewhat aggressive movement pattern with the proper launch. Its drawbacks, however, are that it has shown major weaknesses against Left-Spin Beyblades such as Lightning L Drago, much like RS. RSF, like most Rubber Performance Tips, suffers from poor Stamina, although it has been shown to have slightly more Stamina than RS, due to a wider surface area, resulting in better balance at the end of a battle. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations RSF has two Mold variations. The RSF's included in Random Booster Vol.7 Beat Lynx, specifically with the Bey Tornado Horuseus 130RSF. This mold appears to be made of a softer rubber, and thereby behaves more aggressively than other molds. This should be taken into consideration when choosing a method of obtaining an RSF. The RSF included with Blitz Unicorno 100RSF is of the harder rubber variant. Use in Defense Customization RSF can be utilized in the Defense customization MF-H Basalt Kerbecs BD145RSF. Other Versions Blitz Unicorno Blue Horn Ver. Blitz Unicorno Blue Horn Ver. - WBBA Exclusive, Japan Championship 2012 (Blue Blitz, Red Unicorno II) Blitz Striker 100SF - Hasbro Metal Fury Gallery Blitz Unicorno 100RSF(Assault Mode) Blitz Unicorno 100RSF(Barrage Mode) Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Side View(Assault Mode) Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Side View(Barrage Mode) Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Bottom View(Assault Mode) Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Bottom View(Barrage Mode) Unicorno II Face Unicorno II Clear Wheel Blitz Metal Wheel Assault Mode Blitz Metal Wheel Assault Mode(Bottom) Blitz Metal Wheel Barrage Mode Blitz Metal Wheel Barrage Mode(Bottom) Blitz Metal Wheel Core Blitz Metal Wheel Metal Frame 100 Track Rubber Semi-Flat Overall Blitz Unicorno 100RSF has thus far only been released with the BB-117 Strongest Blader Set as well as the short Starter release it had from Hasbro, so the prize for this Beyblade does not get justified by the value of this now outclassed Attacker. Therefore, this Beyblade should only be considered if a preferred alternative cannot be purchased, or for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Blitz_Unicorno_100RSF&oldid=13423"
