Burn Phoenix 135MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Burn Phoenix 135MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Burn Phoenix 135MS Number: BB-59 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Stamina Contents 1 Name Change 2 Face: Phoenix 3 Clear Wheel: Phoenix 4 Metal Wheel: Burn 4.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 4.2 Use in Stamina Customization 5 Track: 135 6 Bottom: Metal Sharp 7 Other Versions 8 Gallery 8.1 Burn Phoenix 135MS - Hasbro Version 8.2 Burn Phoenix 90WF - Blizzard Version 8.3 Burn Phoenix 135MS - from Faceoff Set 9 Overall Name Change Hasbro modified Burn Phoenix?s name to Burn Fireblaze in its worldwide release, likely because "Burn Phoenix" was already copyrighted in North America. Face: Phoenix Weight: 1.7 grams The Face depicts Phoenix, one of the 88 constellations in space. The words "Phoenix" were erased from inside the bird?s mouth on almost all of Hasbro?s Fireblaze Faces. Clear Wheel: Phoenix Weight: 2.88 grams Phoenix was first released in a bright, translucent orange color. It represents the wings and the fiery tails of the firebird. Small, yellow details are painted on the wings and black stickers can be applied on the tails feathers. Each feather composing the tails is also a small, ramp-like slope. Phoenix has no particular use in competitive play however, like many Clear Wheels. Metal Wheel: Burn Weight: 31.51 grams Burn is an almost completely circular Metal Wheel, interrupted only by two sets of wave-like ridges. The center of the Metal Wheel features a flame pattern representing the sun, which complements the Phoenix Clear Wheel. Burn's predominant characteristic is its weight distribution : the weight is concentrated on the edge of the Metal Wheel, while the center is generally hollow and light. This produces what is known as the Flywheel Effect, which is the ability for a rotating object to increase its rotational velocity with the use of its own momentum. The ridges are subject to some level of recoil, but are also capable of Smash Attack; however, the latter is not potent enough to be used effectively. Burn was once the best Stamina Metal Wheel, along with Metal System Virgo. However, it has since been outclassed by newer Metal Wheels such as Scythe and Phantom, the latter sharing many characteristics with Burn itself. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Burn has a total of four molds, three of them released by TAKARA-TOMY and one released by Hasbro. The TAKARA-TOMY molds have the phrase "Burn Wheel" engraved between each set of ridges while the Hasbro mold does not. Mold 1 is the lightest of the four molds and is usually the one preferred for Stamina customizations. The gaps on the underside of the Metal Wheel are lengthier on Mold 1 than on Mold 2, while Mold 3's are wider than Mold 2, but equal in length. The Hasbro mold is generally heavier because of the absence of engravings and thus preferred for Attack and Defense customizations, although those combinations have no prevalence. Use in Stamina Customization Although it is outclassed, Burn can still be used in decent Stamina combinations such as Burn Cancer AD145WD. Track: 135 Weight: 1.40 grams 135 is the only Track released at this height and features no gimmick. Due to its odd height, it is rarely considered over the taller 145 Tracks and the shorter 120 and 125 Tracks, because it is usually preferred if customizations are either tall or short, and not in between. Average height produces only average effect, a poor mix of what a Metal Wheel can do at short and tall heights. Bottom: Metal Sharp Weight: 1.30 gram Full Width: 15.76 mm Tip Width: 4.82 mm Full Height: 11.03 mm Tip Height: 8.58 mm Tip Angle: 45° Metal Sharp, as its name implies, is a Sharp tip made of metal, but it is also mounted on a taller base. Its small contact point produces very little friction on the surface of the Stadium floor, even less so than the average Sharp tip. While this quality is useful for Stamina-type Bottoms, Metal Sharp suffers from the same inherent faults as all Sharp Bottoms, namely the horrible balances issues, which are worsened by the taller height. As such, this part is outclassed. It should be noted that, due to its namesake properties, Metal Sharp can be very damaging to the stadium floor, especially paired with M145, and should therefore be used with caution. Other Versions Poison Phoenix WA130SD - Random Booster Vol.5 Grand Ketos (Purple) Storm Phoenix 130B - Random Booster Vol.5 Grand Ketos (Green) Burn Phoenix 105F Blizard Ver. - Event Special WBBA Beyblade (Blizzard/Ice Blue) Burn Phoenix 90WF Blizzard Ver. - Limited DVD edition (Blizzard/Ice Blue) Burn Phoenix - WBBA Exclusive Color Ver., 1st place place at Apita Cup 2010 (Translucent Orange) Burn Fireblaze 135MS - Faceoff: Burning Fire Strike (Yellow-painted wings) A fluo green Phoenix Clear Wheel was released with a bronze and black WBBA Face as a third-place prize at the Apita Cup 2010 Gallery Burn Fireblaze Box Front View Burn Fireblaze Box Back View Burn Phoenix 135MS - Hasbro Version Burn "Fireblaze" 135MS top view Burn "Fireblaze" 135MS 3/4 view Burn "Fireblaze" 135MS side view Burn "Fireblaze" 135MS bottom view Burn top view - Hasbro mold Burn bottom view - Hasbro mold "Fireblaze" top view "Fireblaze" 3/4 view 135 Track Metal Sharp top view Metal Sharp 3/4 view Burn Phoenix 90WF - Blizzard Version Front view Underside view Phoenix Facebolt Phoenix top view Burn top view 90 WF Burn Phoenix 135MS - from Faceoff Set Front view Underside view 1/2 underside view Overall Burn Phoenix 135MS is comprised of outclassed parts. Phoenix, 135 and MS have never been particularly useful, and while Burn was once a top-tier Stamina Metal Wheel, it is obsolete in the face of the dominant Metal Wheels of today. This Beyblade should only be considered for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Burn_Phoenix_135MS&oldid=13401"
