Burning Kerberous - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Burning Kerberous From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Burning Kerberous Number: A-82 System: 5-layer Type: Survival Contents 1 Name Changes 2 Attack Ring (AR): Triple Attacker 3 Weight Disk (WD): Ten Wide 4 Spin Gear (SG): Neo SG Right (Double Bearing Core) 5 Support Part (SP): Cross Attack 6 Blade Base (BB): Customize Bearing Base 7 Gallery 7.1 Burning Kerberous - Original Version 7.2 Burning Kerberous - Black Version 8 Overall Name Changes Hasbro released this Beyblade under two different names: Cerberous Howling Spirit Attack Ring (AR): Triple Attacker Weight: 7 grams The AR of Burning Kerberous is very unique in that each of its wings perform a different type of attack. The thickest wing performs Spike Attack, the next wing (clockwise) performs Upper Attack, and the wing counter-clockwise from the Spike Attack wing performs Force Smash. This AR can be used to differentiate between the different types of attack, but it is a jack of all trades and a master of none; it cannot be used in serious competitive play. Weight Disk (WD): Ten Wide See Ten Wide Spin Gear (SG): Neo SG Right (Double Bearing Core) This is the prized part of Burning Kerberous. The Double Bearing Core contains two bearings (hence its name) and provides very good endurance. The tip is similar to the tip of Metal Change Base (Driger S); when the beyblade is shot at the center, the tip has very high endurance, and when the Beyblade is shot at an angle, the tip moves around in an attack pattern. The Beyblade also switches between attack and endurance during a battle. The bearing case can only hold one other shaft, Wolborg 2's shaft. Sample combination: AR: Scissor Attacker (Metal Dranzer) WD: Wide Survivor SG: Neo Left SG (Double Bearing Core) SP: Survivor Ring (Dark Series) BB: Customize Bearing Base This combination provides great endurance. The AR, WD, and SP work in unison to spin steal effectively, while the Double Bearing Core provides the endurance. Support Part (SP): Cross Attack Weight: 2 grams This SP is used for smash attack, but it is not very efficient, due to the shape of the projections. Other SP parts outclass it, like Fin Tector (Draciel V2) Blade Base (BB): Customize Bearing Base Weight: 4 grams (10 grams with Double Bearing Core) This Blade Base can only house the Double Bearing Core. Only the shaft of Burning Kerberous and the shaft of Wolborg 2 can fit into the Double Bearing Core. Therefore, there are only two ways the BB can be used. The blade base can be used with the Burning Kerberous shaft inside the bearing cases, which has great endurance, or it can be used with the Wolborg 2 shaft, which stays fixed when placed in the BB. The Wolborg 2 shaft, when fixed in place, is used for attack combinations. Gallery Burning Kerberous Decals Burning Kerberous Box Front view Burning Kerberous Box Back view Burning Kerberous - Original Version Burning Kerberous top view Burning Kerberous 3/4 view Burning Kerberous side view - Upper Attack Burning Kerberous side view - Smash Attack Burning Kerberous side view - Force Smash Burning Kerberous bottom view Triple Attacker top view Triple Attacker bottom view Customize Bearing Base / Cross Attack Support Parts outside view Customize Bearing Base / Cross Attack Support Parts inside view Customize Bearing Base outside view Customize Bearing Base inside view Neo Right Spin Gear (Double Bearing Core) Double Bearing Core Double Bearing Core inside view Double Bearing Core disassembled view Burning Kerberous - Black Version Front view Black Burning Kerberous Pieces Bottom view Overall The excellent Casings and Shaft, solid Blade Base, useful if common Weight Disk and interesting if not quite competitive Attack Ring make Burning Kerberous a must-have for any serious competitor. All Bladers should own at least one copy of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Burning_Kerberous&oldid=13449"
