Clay Aries ED145B - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Clay Aries ED145B From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Clay Aries ED145B Number: BB-45 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Defense Contents 1 Face: Aries 2 Clear Wheel: Aries 3 Light Wheel: Clay 4 Track: Eternal Defense 145 4.1 Use in Spin Stealing Customization 5 Bottom: Ball 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Note: Clay Aries ED145B is only obtainable through Random Booster Light Vol.3 Clay Aries ED145B, where it is the "prize" Beyblade. Hasbro released this Beyblade with the Metal Wheel equivalent of Clay, Rock, as Rock Aries ED145B. Face: Aries The Face on this Beyblade depicts Aries, the first astrological sign in the zodiac. Clear Wheel: Aries Weight: 2.7g Aries was originally released as a bright pink Clear Wheel with three ?heads? which point outwards, hence forming a roughly triangular perimeter. Light Wheel: Clay Clay is the Light Wheel equivalent of Rock. Track: Eternal Defense 145 Weight: 3.6 gram Full Width: 39.5 mm Wing Width: 23.0 mm Wing Distance: 13.5 mm Full Height: 14.50 mm ED145 features three ?wings? which rotate around the Track freely. The wings are similar to that of WD145. Because of their free-spinning nature, they can be used in Defense customisations, such as MF-H Basalt Bull ED145RS; however, the defensive capabilities of this part are not as effective as GB145, TH170, or BD145, as it does not absorb hits as successfully. The wings which rotate are hindered without the mechanism of a bearing, hence creating a force of friction between the wings and the body of the Track, in turn resulting in less significant damage absorption. Furthermore, it is easy for the low attacker?s Wheel to be caught between the Wheel and ED145, causing a lot of recoil and spin reduction to the Defense customization. Use in Spin Stealing Customization ED145 has only remained useful in Spin Stealing combinations such as MF-F Meteo LDrago ED145EDS due to its free-spinning wings which allow for improved last-second endurance over the opposing bey. Bottom: Ball Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.82 mm Tip Width: 5.88 mm Full Height: 8.98 mm Tip Height: 5.97 mm Ball, as its name suggests, is shaped like a ball. This hemispherical shape provides a large area for the Bottom to make contact with the Stadium floor; hence increasing friction and making it more difficult to knockout. B?s shape also makes it likely to stay in the central areas of the Stadium, hence maximizing the customization?s distance from the Stadium exits. Due to its qualities, this bottom makes a decent choice for Defense Customizations. B can be used if WB is not available. However, both have been outclassed by CS, RSF and RS, all of which inherently have better Defense due to the inclusion rubber. Since it is ball-shaped, this means that it still mostly only has one single point of contact with the stadium floor, and it wears evenly. For those reasons, the B Bottom is also a prized tip for Stamina testing, where variations in Bottom wear can cause considerable differences in performances. Other Versions Rock Aries 145D - Hybrid Wheel Reshuffle Set (Stamina & Defense) (Turquoise) Rock Aries ED145D - WBBA Exclusive (Black) Rock Aries ED145B - Beyblade Metal Fusion (Hasbro) (Magenta) Storm Aries 125S - Faceoff: Darkness Howling Blazer Flame Aries H145FS - Faceoff: Fighting Bear Fury (Opaque Grey) Gallery Clay Aries ED145B Clay Aries Underside Clay Aries ED145 ED145 Profile View Clay Aries B Bottom Overall Due to the rarity of Clay Aries ED145B, combined with its relatively outclassed parts, and even with Hasbro's release as Rock Aries which alleviated rarity, there is little or no point in trying to obtain this Beyblade other than for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Clay_Aries_ED145B&oldid=13395"
