Counter Leone D125B - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Counter Leone D125B From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Counter Leone D125B Number: N/A System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Defense Contents 1 Face: Leone 2 Clear Wheel: Leone 3 Metal Wheel: Counter 3.1 Use in Attack Customization 4 Track: Defense 125 4.1 Use in Defense Customization 4.2 Use in Attack Customization 5 Bottom: Ball 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Note: Counter Leone D125B was originally released with the Nintendo Wii game Metal Fight Beyblade Gachinko Stadium and is based off of BB-22 Leone D125B. Face: Leone The Face depicts Leo, the fifth astrological sign in the Zodiac. It was redesigned for this model. Clear Wheel: Leone Weight: 3.0 grams The regular release of Leone is a translucent, blue-green piece. In this release, however, it is clear. Leone is circular with small ridge details. Metal Wheel: Counter Weight: 29.2 Grams Counter is styled like a HWS version of the Metal System Leone. It possesses six similar mane-like projections that coronate its circumference. The gaps between the six projections are too small to provide consistent smash for a competitive Attack Customization. Counter still showcases fair Smash Attack, but unlike Leone, it lacks the same degree of recoil. This is because the projecting paws are more compact and rounded than its counterpart?s. The lowered recoil makes it a better, albeit underwhelming, choice for a defensive combo. Use in Attack Customization If you somehow lack access to competitive wheels, Counter can be used to some degree of effectiveness in Smash Attack customs such as MF Counter Bull H145RF. Track: Defense 125 Weight: 1.7 gram Full Width: 26.5 mm Core Width: 11 mm Full Height: 12.50 mm Defense 125 is similar to 125 and Tornado 125. Apart from the shifts in weight distribution and air resistance, there are few notable differences. The ring serves no significant defensive purposes. The track?s relatively low height prevents the opponent?s Bey from making any sort of consistent contact. D125 is an outclassed track for Stamina and Defense Customizations. Use in Defense Customization If you don't have access to competitive Tracks, MF-H Earth Bull D125RS is a decent choice for Defense Customization. Use in Attack Customization D125 can be put to use in the top-tier attack combination MF Gravity Perseus D125RF. Bottom: Ball Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.82 mm Tip Width: 5.88 mm Full Height: 8.98 mm Tip Height: 5.97 mm Ball, as its name suggests, is shaped like a ball. This hemispherical shape provides a large area for the Bottom to make contact with the Stadium floor; hence increasing friction and making it more difficult to knockout. B?s shape also makes it likely to stay in the central areas of the Stadium, hence maximizing the customization?s distance from the Stadium exits. Due to its qualities, this bottom makes a decent choice for Defense Customizations. B can be used if WB is not available. However, both have been outclassed by CS, RSF and RS, all of which inherently have better Defense due to the inclusion rubber. Since it is ball-shaped, this means that it still mostly only has one single point of contact with the stadium floor, and it wears evenly. For those reasons, the B Bottom is also a prized tip for Stamina testing, where variations in Bottom wear can cause considerable differences in performances. Other Versions Counter Leone D125B MF - (Included with the retail version of the "Beyblade Metal Fusion DS" game) Counter Leone 145D - (Hasbro Legend Series) Counter Leone - WBBA Exclusive (Black Counter, Clear Leone) Counter Leone 145D - Hasbro Sonic Series (Pearlescent Lime Green) Gallery Counter Leone (front view) Counter Leone (side view) Counter Leone (bottom view) Counter Leone Face Leone (top view) Leone (underside) Counter (top view) Counter (underside) D125 B Overall Due to the rarity of Counter Leone D125B, combined with its completely outclassed parts, there is little to no point in trying to obtain this Beyblade other than for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Counter_Leone_D125B&oldid=12194"
