Dark Series - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dark Series From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Dark Series Number: System: 5-Layer Type: Contents 1 Release 2 Attack Ring (AR): Dark Wing 3 Weight Disk (WD) 4 Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG (MW Core) 5 Support Part (SP): Survivor Ring 5.1 Use in Zombie Customizations 6 Blade Base (BB): Customize Sharp 7 Gallery 8 Overall Release Dark Draciel: 1/12 chance of obtaining it in Random Booster 8. Dark Dranzer: 1/12 chance of obtaining it in Random Booster 8. Dark Driger: 1/12 chance of obtaining it in Random Booster 8. Dark Dragoon: Comes with the ?Bakuten Shoot Beyblade The Movie: Gekitou!! Takao vs Daichi.? Dark Gaia Dragoon: Comes with the ?Bakuten Shoot Beyblade G-Revolution OST.? Attack Ring (AR): Dark Wing Weight: 7 grams Dark Wing, the AR of the Dark Series, has three projected wings and can hold a free-spinning S-AR. The S-AR is identical in shape to the AR since it has three wings that are relative in size to it also. Potentially, the AR could have been used for Smash Attack. The three points of attack on the wings are extended far enough to cause significant damage to the opposing Beyblade with some amount of recoil. However, since S-AR is supposed to spin freely after contact, a source of friction is built and acts as a force that works against the Beyblade as a whole. A solution to this would be to simply use another S-AR, but the problem with that is Dark Wing has an odd number of projections while most of the S-ARs out there has an even number. By doing that, it would cause instability in the Beyblade due to the lack of proper balance. Weight Disk (WD) The Dark Series Beyblades contain all of the same parts with the exception of the WDs. Dark Draciel: Ten Heavy Dark Dranzer: Ten Wide Dark Driger: Ten Balance Dark Dragoon: Ten Wide Dark Gaia Dragoon: Revolver Attack Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG (MW Core) See Neo Right SG. Support Part (SP): Survivor Ring Weight: 2 grams Survivor Ring is a SP suitable for Defense because of its perfectly round shape. It is similar to that of Cross Survivor (Dranzer V2) with the exception of having three small wings instead of four projections. Use in Zombie Customizations Because of its round shape, this SP can assist greatly with Life After Death. Another advantage of the SP is that it aligns perfectly with the Wide Survivor WD. This leaves room for the small wings to assist in spin stealing. These small wings can steal spin more efficiently in left-spin due to the way the wings are faced. Here is an example: AR: Twin Horn (Gabriel) WD: Wide Survivor SG: Left SG (Bearing Version 2) (Wolborg 2) SP: Survivor Ring (Dark Series) BB: Customize Grip (Dragoon V2) Blade Base (BB): Customize Sharp Weight: 6 grams Customize Sharp would seem like the upgraded version of SG Sharp. It is taller and has the capability to hold a SP. However, having these two changes do not improve on the overall performance of the BB, but instead, makes it worse. The increased height of this BB gives the Beyblade poor balance on its own. In addition to this, using any SP used with the BB only makes it more vulnerable to losing balance. This potentially maybe useful for Wobbling. Gallery Dark Draciel DarkDriger Dark Dranzer Dark Dragoon Dark Gaia Dragoon Dark Dranzer parts Side view of Dark Dranzer Bottom of Dark Dranzer Sticker sheet (Dark Gaia Dragoon) Sticker sheet (Dark Dranzer) Overall With a powerful if difficult to use Attack Ring and an excellent Support Part, the Dark Series Beyblades are useful purchases for any competitive Blader, however their price and rarity exceeds their competitive value given the availability of alternatives such as Voltaic Ape. These Beyblades are not must-haves, but are nevertheless a welcome addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dark_Series&oldid=12344"
