Dark Cancer CH120SF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dark Cancer CH120SF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dark Cancer CH120SF Number: BB-55 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Balance Note: Cancer and CH120 were originally released in Random Booster Light Vol.1 Mad Cancer CH120FS as the "rare" Beyblade, but because both of Mad Cancer's unique parts were re-released as a non-Light Wheel Beyblade, we have chosen to publish this article under the name of its regular Booster release, Dark Cancer CH120SF instead of the original release, Mad Cancer CH120FS. Contents 1 Name Change 2 Face: Cancer 3 Clear Wheel: Cancer 3.1 Use in Destabilizer Customizations 4 Metal Wheel: Dark 5 Track: Change 120 5.1 Use in Balance Customization 5.2 Use in Attack Customization 5.3 Use in Defense Customization 6 Bottom: Semi-Flat 6.1 Use in Destabilizer Customizations 7 Other Versions 8 Gallery 8.1 Dark Cancer CH120SF - Original Version 9 Overall Name Change Dark Cancer was re-named Dark Gasher for Hasbro's release, and subsequently had the word "Cancer" removed from the Face, and a new purple design behind the original Face design. The main reason for the change from "Cancer" to "Gasher" is because Hasbro believed that no parent would buy their child a product named "Cancer" Face: Cancer The Face on this Beyblade depicts Cancer, the fourth astrological sign in the Zodiac. Its Zodiac symbol is the Crab. Clear Wheel: Cancer Weight: 3.0 grams The Cancer Clear Wheel featured in Random Booster Light Vol.1 Mad Cancer CH120FS is of a brighter red, while the BB-55 Booster version is slightly darker. Both are identical in shape and weight. The slopes on the wheel allow it to be the best Clear Wheel for Destabilizers, and the Hasbro release of Cancer (see other version) has made it the third heaviest Clear Wheel in MFB, giving it some use in defense. Use in Destabilizer Customizations Cancer can be used in the top destabilizer customization Flame Cancer 90SF. Metal Wheel: Dark Weight: 31.4 grams Dark has twelve spikes facing the clockwise direction. These protrusions are closely packed together with minimal space between each, resulting in an overall round shape. This shape hinders the Metal Wheel in two ways: its protrusions are not pronounced enough to provide sufficient Smash Attack, while the perimeter is interrupted too frequently for sufficient Stamina. Additionally, its weight is distributed over too large a surface area. There is thus no reason to use Dark in any competitive situation whatsoever. Track: Change 120 Weight: 2.7 gram Full Width: 27.3 mm Minimum Width: 23.0 mm Height: 12.0 to 14.5 mm Mechanism Height: 5.0 mm CH120 is without a doubt this Beyblade's most useful part. This Track is unique as it features a height-changing gimmick. The user is allowed a choice of using 120 or 145 as the Track's height. This is done by rotating the bottom portion of the Track and pulling/pushing the central part out/in, and then rotating the bottom portion back to lock the height. Importantly, this can be done between each round of a match, as it does not involve any part-swapping. The advantages of this Track are plentiful. Its most obvious benefit is allowing the user to change the height of their Beyblade between rounds; this means that the user can adapt their strategy to counter the opponents during a match. The below customization, Libra CH120RF, uses this function to great effect. Furthermore, CH120 is currently the only Track featuring a 120 height. This height is useful for many Attack types. Use in Balance Customization Long before Libra was banned, it surprisingly found use in a very specific Balance customization; in fact, it was really the only competitively viable Balance customization at that point in time. The custom is Libra CH120RF. Here is how it performed against the current staple customs of the time: Versus Virgo DF145D -- use 120 height Even though Libra is the heaviest Wheel ever created, because its weight is focused around the outside, it is still quite agile with RF. On its own, Libra is not a very effective Smash Attack Wheel, but its weight distribution in combination with the fast moving RF allow it to achieve an astonishing 90% win rate against Virgo DF145D. 120 height must be used in order for the Metal Wheels to make contact or it won't work. Versus Quetzalcoatl 90RF -- use 145 height By switching to 145 height, the Track will absorb all of the hits dealt by Quetzalcoatl. The weight of Libra combined with the grip of RF give it enough defense to withstand most attacks, and again, the win rate is 90%. Versus MF Libra C145WB -- use 120 height The win ratio against the top tier Defense combo isn't that great -- only about 60% -- but this still isn't bad, considering how strong it is against the other two types. If you can avoid using this combo against Defense-types, you should, but if you're forced into that situation you can win with a perfect shot and a little luck. To effectively use this custom, you absolutely had to be able to perform Sliding Shoot because the window for landing a successful attack was much smaller than with other Storm or Quetzalcoatl-based Attackers. A skilled Blader could use this customization as an answer to almost anything that is thrown at them. However, during the time Libra was banned, this custom's use diminished greatly due to the multitude of parts that were released in its absence. It is still usable against Attack types, and Stamina types on lower Tracks, but it is nowhere near as versatile as it once was. Use in Attack Customization MF Lightning L Drago CH120RF is a top-tier Attack customization. Use whichever height matches up best with the opposing Beyblades Wheel. This will allow Lightning (Upper Mode) to make optimum contact with opposing Beyblades. Use in Defense Customization CH120 can be used as an alternative to other Defense Tracks such as C145; MF Earth Aquario CH120RS (145 mode) is a viable Defense customization. Bottom: Semi-Flat Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.48 mm Tip Width: 4.12 mm Flat Tip Width: 1.94 mm Full Height: 8.96 mm Tip Height: 6.54 mm SF is is a sharp tip with a flattened end. As a result, SF displays a combination of Attack qualities and Stamina qualities, moving in a semi-aggressive pattern. Because of this however, the two attributes are compromised, culminating in an average performance in both categories. It produces a movement pattern that, while it is aggressive, is much slower than any Flat Bottom. The increased friction with the stadium floor due to the wider tip both increases its Defense and Stamina in comparison to a bottom similar to S or ES. However, it is in absolutely no competition with bottoms similar to WD for Stamina or RS for Defense. Semi-Flat is meant to be used in Balance type Beyblades, and as mentioned, exhibits aspects of several types, however it excels in none and thus is essentially useless. SF's only mildly effective use is in Destabilizer customs where the low Track used along with the balance of qualities allows the custom to destabilize the opposing Beyblade. Use in Destabilizer Customizations While mostly outclassed in other aspects, SF can still be used in the top destabilizer customization Flame Cancer 90SF. Other Versions Mad Cancer CH120FS from RBVL1 Mad Cancer CH120FS - Random Booster Light Vol. 1 Mad Cancer CH120FS (Red, all parts clear dark red) Earth Cancer DF145ES - Random Booster Vol. 4 Mirage Virgo (Blue) Galaxy Cancer D125HF - Random Booster Vol.6 Killer Beafowl (Clear) Flame Cancer D125RF - Random Booster Vol.6 Killer Beafowl (Yellow) Dark Gasher CH120FS - Beyblade Metal Fusion Rock Gasher DF145WB - Faceoff: Lightning Screwdriver (Painted parts, Opaque Brown) MF-F Burn Cancer 90WD - BB-96 Beyblade Super Deck Set (Orange) Inferno Gasher SW145SF - Faceoff: Lightning Sword Showdown (Painted parts, dark red) Gallery Package (front) Package (back) Package (side 1) Package (side 2) Dark Cancer CH120SF - Original Version Dark Cancer CH120SF Dark Cancer CH120SF 3/4 view Dark Cancer CH120SF side View Dark top view Dark bottom view Cancer clear wheel Cancer clear wheel CH120 CH145 SF Overall Dark Cancer CH120SF's defining part is CH120, an exceptionally useful Track which can be used in a whole host of customization possibilities. While Dark and SF are relatively useless parts, CH120 makes this a more than worthwhile purchase. Every Blader should own at least one of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dark_Cancer_CH120SF&oldid=13390"
