Defense - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Defense From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Defense is the classification of a Beyblade which battles by staying relatively still, unmoved by the opposing Beyblade's attacks. The purposes of defense types are to withstand heavy hits (primarily from attack types) and to not be knocked out of the stadium. Generally, there are two main types of defense type customizations: ones that rely on weight and ones that rely on grip. Weight Generally, the heavier an object is the harder it is to move that object. An example of a defense customization that relies on weight is: AR: Upper Dragoon (Master Dragoon , Kid Dragoon) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Right SG SG Core: Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger) BB: SG Metal Ball (Draciel S) with four metal balls AR: Smash Turtle (Master Draciel) WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo Right SG (Heavy Metal Core) ( Takara Metal Driger) SP: Defense Ring (Voltaic Ape) BB: Customize Metal Change Base (Driger V2) Additionally, more weight means higher spin rate. Grip Generally, the more grip (friction) an object has the harder it is to move that object. An example of a defense customization that relies on grip/friction is: AR: War Lion (Galeon) S-AR: War Lion (Galeon) WD: Wide Defense SG: Left SG (Bearing Version 2) (Wolborg 2) BB: Defense Grip Base 2 (Wolborg 2) AR: Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS) WD: CWD Free Survivor RC: Bearing Core 2 (Jiraiya MS) These type of defense customizations utilize gripped tips. The rubbery grip creates more friction between the beyblade and the stadium floor making it harder to be knocked around. Overall In essence, defense types are made to beat Attack types. Extra weight or more friction between the stadium floor and the beyblade definitely help to withstand heavy hits from attack types. However, defense types fall prey to Survival types. Since they are so heavy (or there is an increase in friction), defense types don't spin for very long, whereas survival types are lightweight and designed to spin for longer. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Defense&oldid=13452"
