Diablo Nemesis X:D - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Diablo Nemesis X:D From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Diablo Nemesis X:D Number: BB-122 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Balance Contents 1 Face: Nemesis 2 4D Clear Wheel: Nemesis 3 4D Metal Wheel: Diablo 3.1 Metal Frame 3.2 Core 3.3 Use in Balance Customizations 4 4D Bottom: X:Drive 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Diablo Nemesis X:D - Original Version 6.2 Diablo Nemesis X:D - Hasbro Hyperblade Version 6.3 Diablo Nemesis X:D - Dragren Ver. 7 Overall Face: Nemesis The Nemesis Face Mark is an amalgam of the Face Marks from thirteen of the 4D system Beyblades, excluding Omega Dragonis. From the bottom, going clockwise, one can observe the following Face Mark features: VariAres? Face Mark's chin, Quetzalcoatl?s wing, Unicorno II?s head, Pegasis III?s wing, L Drago III?s head, Jupiter?s eagle head, Lynx?s eye, Leone II?s paw, Kronos? scythe, and Cygnus? swan head. In the center, there are three eyes which resemble Orion?s, but the middle eye is replaced with Nemesis? unique mask and surrounded by black- and purple-colored wisps from the Hades Face Mark helmet which extend to the perimeter of the Face design. The left eye is adorned with Sagittario?s arrow and the teeth are from Uranus. Overall, the Nemesis Face Mark forms quite a chimera. Despite not being a member of the 4D system, Flame Sagittario is included in the Nemesis Face Mark because the owner of Flame Sagittario in the Metal Fight Beyblade anime, Kenta, acts as a companion to the owner of L-Drago Destroy, Ryuuga, and eventually receives a 4D system Beyblade through the star fragment obtained from L-Drago Destroy. Since Flame Sagittario was present at the creation of Nemesis in the anime, its design is incorporated into Diablo Nemesis. 4D Clear Wheel: Nemesis Weight: 3.23 grams Just like the Nemesis Face Mark, the Nemesis 4D Clear Wheel offers an integration of the design highlights of other 4D Beyblades at a complex level. There are two halves to the Nemesis 4D Clear Wheel, creating a design similar to the Pegasis III Clear Wheel. Cygnus' 4D Clear Wheel is represented on the smooth, flowing side with the large wing expanding behind it, while Uranus' 4D Clear Wheel is shown on the other side depicting some form of tendrils or whiskers behind it. Officially, a part of Jade Jupiter is integrated into the Nemesis 4D Clear Wheel through the placement of circles on the 4D Clear Wheel which represent the metal balls in Jupiter?s 4D Metal Wheel, but the Nemesis 4D Clear Wheel is already saturated and the design is very difficult to distinguish. Nemesis, despite being one of the heaviest Clear Wheels released, is outclassed by other Clear Wheels such as Aquario, Cancer, and Kerbecs due to its irregular weight distribution and poorly designed shape, and therefore sees little use outside of aesthetic purposes. 4D Metal Wheel: Diablo Weight: 51.26 grams Diablo is the heaviest standalone Metal Wheel ever released. Like the other parts of Diablo Nemesis X:D, the Diablo 4D Metal Wheel incorporates several 4D Beyblade design points in its overall schema. Because Kreis Cygnus was not out at the time of Diablo Nemesis's release, the latter's 4D Metal Wheel was the first to introduce a semi-free-spinning gimmick in Metal Fight Beyblade. The placement of the Metal Frame in Ultimate Balance Mode was also new to the hobby. Metal Frame Weight: 25.35 grams Diablo?s Metal Frame consists of three mugshot heads distributed around its circumference. The biggest head is a lion?s head, depicting Leone, with red eyes and the top row of teeth. Part of the lion?s mane is visible around the head. The smallest of the three heads is a lynx?s head, from Lynx, with yellow-black cat eyes and two paws. Again, only the upper row of teeth is visible on this head. The last of the three heads, with an intermediate size, is derived from Orion, and shows Orion?s face from the Phantom Metal Wheel in Stamina mode with blue eyes and a full snarl on its face, unlike the smirk seen on the original 4D Metal Wheel. Since the Metal Frame simply rests in the space between the elevated Core and the 4D Bottom when in Ultimate Balance Mode, it can rotate freely to a point: spinning on its own, the Metal Frame would not rotate independently. It is the impact of the opposing Beyblade that will make it spin semi-freely towards the right or towards the left depending on the spin direction of the opponent, trajectory, and angle of impact. The Metal Frame has one of three positions it pauses on after each impact due to the Metal Frame's three-headed shape. These positions push down on the small pins on top of X:D with varying force and activate the descent or retraction of the sharp tip from X:D, either completely or only half-way, consequently changing the Beyblade's behavior. Core Weight: 25.94 grams The design of the underside of Diablo?s Core originates from the Scythe 4D Metal Wheel on Kronos and allows for smooth rotation of the Metal Frame when in Ultimate Balance Mode. The Core depicts one of Unicorno II?s heads, originating from the Unicorno II 4D Clear Wheel, connected to the bones from Quetzalcoatl's 4D Metal Wheel on one side, with the wings of Pegasis III's 4D Clear Wheel on the other side linked to a dragon head derived from L-Drago III's 4D Metal Wheel. On the side of Quetzalcoatl's and Unicorno II's sections is an irregular, jagged edge reminiscent of Hades' 4D Metal Wheel. In front of the unicorn head is a small portion resembling a scythe from Kronos' 4D Metal Wheel, which is connected to a section of a bow from Sagittario?s Clear Wheel. Finally, in between the wings of Pegasis and the bow of Sagittario is a section derived from the wings of VariAres' 4D Metal Wheel. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Diablo has a mode change. This is performed by flipping the Metal Frame and placing it under the metal frame. However, this mode change is unique because it requires the X:D 4D Bottom in order to stay in place and work. The two modes are: Attack Mode: The normal mode for Diablo Nemesis; the Metal Frame lies on top of the Core in an upright position with the heads facing upright as well. The difference in the heights of each head, with Lynx's head being the smallest, creates varying relief around the Clear Wheel. In this mode, one can manually choose between XF or S on X:D before the beginning of the battle without any automatic changes occurring. Ultimate Balance Mode: It is the X:D-exclusive mode. the Metal Frame lies upside-down underneath the Core. The Clear Wheel is fully exposed and X:D is holding the Metal Frame in place underneath the Core. The Metal Frame can spin freely and change the tip of X:D when contact is made on itself. Attack Mode is considered to be vastly superior to Ultimate Balance Mode due to its universal compatibility with other parts combined with the higher attack power offered by the former. Ultimate Balance Mode requires the use of the outclassed 4D Bottom X:D and causes decreased attack power due to the free-spinning nature of the Metal Frame in this mode. Ultimate Balance Mode also offers poorer stamina because despite theoretically absorbing spin with the semi-free-spinning 4D Metal Wheel upon impact, too much disturbance is caused to the spinning Beyblade to allow for an increase in stamina. Diablo, despite its extreme weight, does not see much use in Defense or Stamina customization thanks to its aggressive design. At the same time, the shape is not aggressive enough to produce the large amounts of smash required in the metagame to create a successful KO. Instead, Diablo has found its niche in Balance customizations which successfully combine its Attack and Defense properties. Use in Balance Customizations Due to the aforementioned qualities, Diablo has found use in Balance customizations such as MF-H Diablo Kerbecs BD145R2F. This combination works as an effective Anti-Attack Beyblade, scoring extremely high win rates against top-tier Attack Beyblades of the metagame. While not matching the sheer weight and power of Zero-G?s Synchrom combinations, Diablo certainly finds use as a powerhouse against Attack types through its utilization as an aggressive Defense Beyblade. 4D Bottom: X:Drive Ultimate Balance Mode Weight: 7.19 grams X:D is the widest 4D Bottom ever released. It extends almost all the way to the end of Diablo, where it spreads beyond the Core but is fully encompassed by the Metal Frame. Following the overarching principle of Diablo Nemesis? design, X:D is a collection of several 4D Beyblades' features. X:D mixes L Drago Destroy's F:S and Big Bang Pegasis's F:D in a way, but mainly draws from VariAres's D:D in terms of function. X:D has three tips: XF, S, and a new tip called S²D, for Stern Semi Defense. Stern is the German word for "star" and appears specifically when talking about Nemesis in legends, further displaying the connection between X:D and the overall Beyblade. X:D?s tip change can be either automatic or fixed when on Diablo. In Diablo?s Attack Mode, one can manually choose between XF or S, while in Diablo?s Ultimate Balance Mode where only X:D can be used, one can automatically go from XF to S²D to S. This can occur in the opposite order if the Beyblade fighting Diablo either hits Diablo in the other direction or spins left itself. Before launching, one can choose which tip to start on. The following patterns are therefore possible: XF -> S²D -> S S -> S²D -> XF S²D -> S -> S²D -> XF S²D -> XF -> S²D -> S The mechanism housed inside X:D to allow for automatic tip change and tip selection is quite complex. When in either of the fixed states of Attack Mode, the tip selection depends on the manual rotation of two tabs on the underside of the 4D Bottom. In Attack Mode, to choose the tip, one needs to push those tabs down, and then rotate the tabs to lock the 4D Bottom in either XF or S mode. When the tab is turned to the left, the Extreme Flat Bottom is exposed, but when it is turned to the right the Sharp tip protrudes from the center. In Ultimate Balance Mode, two small tabs get pushed down or up by the interior shape of Diablo's Metal Frame, which contracts the spring inside X:D and makes the sharp tip come out more. However, this will only occur if the tabs are originally placed in the Extreme Flat position. When the tabs are forcefully pulled and rotated clockwise, causing the sharp tip to manually protrude, no automatic mode change will occur in Ultimate Balance Mode. Like most 4D Bottoms, X:D sees little use competitively. Its reliance on an inconsistent mode change when used with Diablo in Ultimate Balance Mode prevents any major usage. Both of its tips in the fixed state are not nearly as useful as the XF or S bottoms themselves when combined with other Tracks at variable heights, and having access to the unique tip S²D is not worth the drawbacks associated with it, especially since little difference has been noted in performance between it and the S tip. XF on X:D is prone to self-KO and is unable to perform a Sliding Shoot effectively, while S is outclassed overall as a Stamina bottom by other options like WD. While there may be use for it in the newer Zero-G stadiums due to the unique properties of said stadiums, extensive testing has not been performed by several bladers to validate the usefulness of this part in such situations. Other Versions Diablo Nemesis X:D Dragren Ver. - from the Beyblade & B-Daman 2012 Dragon Campaign Only 100 produced. (Red 4D Clear Wheel and 4D Metal Wheel, grey X:D, green stickers and yellow Face) Golden Diablo Nemesis (X:D) - Exclusive CoroCoro lottery in Strongest Dragonis 4D Guide, only 100 produced (Gold 4D Metal Wheel, red 4D Clear Wheel, clear black X:D, and black Face) Diablo Nemesis - WBBA Tournament Prize (Gunmetal Diablo, Red Nemesis) Gallery Diablo Nemesis Box Front view Diablo Nemesis Box Back view Diablo Nemesis X:D - Original Version Concept art for Diablo Nemesis' Ultimate Balance Mode Diablo Nemesis - Attack Mode - top view Diablo Nemesis - Attack Mode - 3/4 view Diablo Nemesis - Attack Mode - side view 1 Diablo Nemesis - Attack Mode - side view 2 Diablo Nemesis - Attack Mode - side view 3 ?Diablo Nemesis - Attack Mode - bottom view (Sharp) Diablo Nemesis - Attack Mode - bottom view (Extreme Flat) Diablo Nemesis - Ultimate Balance Mode (UBM) - top view Diablo Nemesis - UBM - 3/4 view Diablo Nemesis - UBM - side view Diablo Nemesis - UBM - bottom view (Extreme Flat) Diablo Nemesis - UBM - bottom view (Stern Semi Defense) Diablo Nemesis - UBM - bottom view (Sharp) Diablo - Attack Mode Diablo - Ultimate Balance Mode Diablo Core top view Diablo Core bottom view Diablo Frame top view Diablo Frame bottom view Nemesis Clear Wheel Nemesis 3/4 view X Drive top view X Drive - Extreme Flat - 3/4 view X Drive - Sharp - 3/4 view Diablo Nemesis X:D - Hasbro Hyperblade Version Diablo Nemesis Attack Mode Diablo Nemesis Ultimate Balance Mode Diablo Nemesis bottom view Nemesis Clear Wheel Diablo top view Diablo bottom view X Drive Diablo Nemesis X:D - Dragren Ver. Top view Side view Bottom view Overall Diablo Nemesis is an interesting bey. Unique from a design standpoint, this Beyblade contains outclassed but viable parts such as the Nemesis 4D Clear Wheel and X:D. However, the main draw of this Beyblade is the powerful Diablo 4D Metal Wheel, which sees use in top-tier customizations. While by no means worthy of an immediate purchase, Bladers who already own the fundamental parts in the metagame should purchase this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Diablo_Nemesis_X:D&oldid=13438"
