Draciel F - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Draciel F From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Draciel Fortress Number: A-35 System: 4-Layer Type: Defense Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Eight Spike 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance 3 Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (SG Grease Ball Ver.) 4 Blade Base (BB): Fortress Base 5 Use in Defense Customization : 6 Use in Attack Customization: 7 Use in OHKO Customization: 8 Gallery 9 Other Versions 10 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Eight Spike Weight: 5 grams Eight Spike is designed in a circular shape with 8 protrusions. This Attack Ring carries the torch of worthless Draciel AR's, as it has absolutely no competitive use due to its absymal preformance in all fields. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance See Balance Weight Disks. Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (SG Grease Ball Ver.) See Spin Gear. Blade Base (BB): Fortress Base Note: Only One (1) set of balls is currently legal under Word Beyblade Organization Organized Play Rules. The following information is outdated. Weight of BB Only: 12 grams Weight of BB with 1 set of metal balls (Original Weight): 14 grams Weight of BB with 2 set of metal balls: 16 grams Weight of BB with 3 set of metal balls: 18 grams The Fortress Base is one of the best Blade Bases for Defense type customizations. SG Oil Ball contains a metal ball with an oil resevoir above it, which makes it an excellent Blade Base for Defense. In fact, due to this round metal tip, it has a tendency to remain in the central area of the stadium in order to avoid attacks. The metal tip causes less friction between itself and the Beystadium which normally allows it to get knocked around in terms of defense, but its ability to hold up to 2 or 3 sets of metal balls prevents this because of the increase in weight. Fortress Base can hold 2 sets of metal balls in its pocket, and 2 additional metal balls in the small holes in the Blade Base, this does however require a specific Weight Disk. Fortress Base can hold Bearing Spin Gears, making it an extremley useful part. You can create many efficient combos with Draciel F's Blade Base. Use in Defense Customization : You can make great defense types with Fortress Base. You can add more weight to your combos by adding two extra metal balls. More weight increases spin rate. AR: Upper Dragoon (Master Dragoon/Kids Dragoon) WD: Wide Defense SG: Right SG (SG Bearing Ver. 2) (Wolborg 2) BB: Fortress Base (2 sets of metal balls) Use in Attack Customization: AR: Upper Dragoon (Kids Dragoon) WD: 10 Heavy SG: Neo Right (Heavy Metal Core) (Metal Driger) BB: Fortress Base (1 Set of Metal Balls) Tip: Rubber tip (Dragoon V2) Use in OHKO Customization: AR: Whale Crusher WD:10 Heavy SG:Left SG (SG Free Shaft Ver.) SG Shaft: Full Auto Clutch (Driger F) BB:Fortress Base (2 sets of Metal Balls) This combo is quite awkward and Self-KO's extremely easily. It is imperative that you make an early hit with this combo or you will be outspun. Gallery Draciel F (front view)] Draciel F (side view) Draciel F parts Blade Base - Fortress Base (top view) Blade Base - Fortress Base (side view) Crystal Draciel F Attack Ring & Bit Chip (top view) Crystal Draciel F Attack Ring & Bit Chip (bottom view) Crystal Draciel F Weight Disk Crystal Draciel F Weight Disk Crystal Draciel F Blade Base (bottom view) Crystal Draciel F Blade Base (top view) Crystal Draciel F Blade Base w/ Metal Ball Weights (top view) Crystal Draciel F Spin Gear (3/4 view) Crystal Draciel F (top view) Crystal Draciel F (bottom view) Crystal Draciel F (3/4 side view) Plastic grease container w/ rubber tool (Bit Chip Size Comparison) Other Versions Draciel F - Crystal Version Draciel F - Metal Master Series Version Draciel F - Random Booster F Version Draciel F - Stater Recolor Version (Black) Draciel F - Beyblade Fukubako 2002 (Clear white) Overall With a terrible Attack Ring, generic Weight Disk, useless Spin Gear and heavily outclassed but nonetheless interesting Blade Base, Draciel F is only of interest to Defense fanatics or those in need of additional Metal Balls for use in its more effective predecessors, and even that is only due to the cheap prices it can be found for. Outside of these conditions, this Beyblade is only worth buying for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Draciel_F&oldid=12345"
