Draciel S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Draciel S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Draciel S (Shield) Number: A-14 System: 5-Layer Type: Defense Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Cross Spike 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance 3 Spin Gear (SG): Right SG 4 Blade Base (BB): SG Metal Ball Base 4.1 Use in Defense Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Draciel S - Normal Version 6.2 Draciel S - Yellow Clear Version 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Cross Spike Weight: 5 grams Cross Spike?s overall general shape is in the form of a square. It has four projected turtle heads along with multiple flat spikes along it. This AR has no real use because of its shape and flat spikes that knock it off balance while spinning. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance See Eight Balance. Spin Gear (SG): Right SG See Right SG. Blade Base (BB): SG Metal Ball Base Weight of BB Only: 8 grams Weight of BB with 1 set of Metal Balls (Original Weight): 10 grams Weight of BB with 2 sets of Metal Balls: 12 grams SG Metal Ball Base is one of the best BB for Defense type customizations. It has a round metal tip which makes it oriented for defense since it has a tendency to remain in the central area of the stadium in order to avoid attacks. The metal tip causes less friction between itself and the stadium which normally allows it to get knocked around in terms of defense, but in this case, its ability to hold up to 2 sets of metal balls prevents this because of the increase in weight. This BB can hold up to 2 sets of metal balls just like Metal Ball Base (Draciel Metal Ball Defenser), however unlike its predecessor, it can hold a Heavy Metal Core (Metal Driger) in addition to the 2 sets of metal balls making it one of the heaviest BBs ever at over 20 grams. Use in Defense Customization You can make great defense types with SG Metal Ball Base. As mentioned previously, you can add more weight to your combos by adding two extra metal balls. More weight increases spin rate. AR: Tiger Defenser (Driger S) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Right SG Heavy Metal Core (Metal Driger) BB: SG Metal Ball Base (Draciel S) Other Versions Draciel S - Hong Kong H-92 Crystal Version (Comes with a Green-plated Wide Defense) Draciel S - Phantom Force Version (Translucent Yellow) Draciel S - Random Booster 5 Version (Dark Mirror) Draciel S - Random Booster S Version (Black) Draciel S - Toys "R" Us Japan Limited Clear Version (Comes with Green-plated 8 Balance) Draciel S - (Clear Black) Draciel S - (Clear Yellow) Gallery Draciel S - Normal Version Front View 3/4 View Attack Ring : Cross Spike Bottom View Base - Top View Parts Sticker sheet Draciel S - Yellow Clear Version Upper View 2/3 View Side View Bottom View (Side angle) Bottom View Parts Blade base : SG Metal Ball Base Attack Ring : Cross Spike Overall Draciel Shield's only useful part is SG Metal Ball Base, and while it is a competitive part, the competition it faces from Customize Metal Change Base ? which comes with a much more useful Beyblade overall in Driger V2, means that Draciel S is only a good choice for those who wish to focus heavily on the more aggressive aspects of Weight Based Defense, as this is the only area in which SG Metal Ball Base can claim to perform better than Customize Metal Change , due to its more consistent aggression. This Beyblade is not a must-have, but is a welcome addition to an already well-furnished competitive collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Draciel_S&oldid=12406"
