Draciel V2 - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Draciel V2 From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Draciel Viper 2 Number: A-85 System: 5-Layer/Magnecore Type: Defense Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Strike Turtle 2 Weight Disk (WD): Ten Heavy 3 Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG (S-MG Core) 4 Support Part (SP): Fin Tector 4.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 5 Blade Base (BB): Switch Metal Ball Base 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Strike Turtle Weight: 6 grams Strike Turtle is constructed in an elliptical shape. It is composed of three small "claws" on each side, and a "head" just behind them. The claws are not pronounced enough to provide any strong Smash Attack, and thus is outclassed by the likes of the popular Triple Wing (Trygle), Eight Spiker (Dragoon G), and even Double Wing (Dranzer S). It is also much too large and recoil-prone to do well on Defense or Stamina, though it is also of interesting note that this AR is the closest to being worthwhile from a main-line (Metal Ball Defenser, S, F, V, V2, G) Draciel AR. Weight Disk (WD): Ten Heavy See Ten Heavy Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG (S-MG Core) See Neo Right SG Support Part (SP): Fin Tector Weight: 2 grams Fin Tectors, like other Support Parts, can be flipped upside down for usage in different customizations. In Attack Mode, Fin Tectors greatly aid Smash Attack, and are the best choice of SP for this purpose. Alternatively, Fin Tectors can also be used for defensive purposes: when placed in Defense Mode. However, in this mode they are outclassed by many other SP's; most notably Defense Ring (Voltaic Ape). Fin Tectors can be used to moderate effectiveness in Zombie customizations if installed in Defense Mode. Use in Smash Attack Customization AR: Double Wing (Dranzer S) WD: Wide Defense SG: Left SG SG Bearing Ver. 2 (Wolborg 2) SG Shaft: Full Auto Clutch (Driger F)* SP: Fin Tector (Draciel V2) BB: Customize Grip (Dragoon V2) This is a fearsome Smash Attack combo, and can be used very effectively despite its tall height due to the nature of the Fin Tector SP. Another option for this combo would be to use SG Grip Change (Uriel 2) with a Neo Left SG with a HMC (Metal Driger), in its Rubber Flat mode. However, with this modification, the probability of breakage is increased. Note: refer to Adding a Different SG if you do not know how to setup the SG. Blade Base (BB): Switch Metal Ball Base Weight: 6 grams Switch Metal Ball base features a tall round tip, which provides minimal Endurance and negligible Attack and Defense. The BB houses 2 unremovable metal balls, that can be set to either an inward or outward position. The only virtue this BB possesses is the ability to hold SP, which is overshadowed by its useless tip shape and tall height. Other Versions Gallery Draciel V2 (front view) Draciel V2 (parts) Attack Ring - Strike Turtle Support Parts - Fin Tector Support Parts - Fin Tector Blade Base - Switch Metal Ball Base (outward position) Blade Base - Switch Metal Ball Base (inward position) Sticker sheet Overall With a distinctly average Attack Ring, largely pointless and somewhat fragile Support Parts, a useless Blade Base and generic Spin Gear and Weight Disk, Draciel V2 is a disappointing entry in the otherwise excellent V2 series. Unless one is desperate, this Beyblade is only worth buying for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Draciel_V2&oldid=13467"
