Draciel MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Draciel MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Draciel Metal Shield Number: A-125 System: HMS Type: Defense Contents 1 Takara/Hasbro Difference 2 Attack Ring (AR): Metal Shield/Metal Defense 3 Weight Disk (WD): Circle Wide 4 Running Core (RC): Sharp Core 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Draciel MS - Original Version 6.2 Draciel MS - Black Recolor Version 7 Overall Languages: English|français|italiano Takara/Hasbro Difference Takara released Draciel MS with a 15 gram Circle Wide while Hasbro neglected this and released it with a standard 14 gram Circle Wide. Attack Ring (AR): Metal Shield/Metal Defense Weight: 17 grams Metal Defense has a plastic caul with four spikes and a metal frame with four metal spikes. This part is pretty useless. It has very high recoil and there are way better attack rings for defensive purposes. Weight Disk (WD): Circle Wide Weight: 14/15 grams Takara Draciel MS comes with a special mould Circle Wide that weighs 15 grams (others are 14g). See Circle Wide Running Core (RC): Sharp Core Weight: 2 grams This running core is probably considered the HMS recreation of SG Sharp. Unfortunately, it also came with the same downfalls as an SG Sharp. Sharp Core's height allows it to be taller then most Running Cores. This causes it to be off balance and can easily be toppled over. While with certain combinations this can be used as an advantage, there are far better choices for that type than Sharp Core. This part is out of date in the Bey-Community and is almost useless. Other Versions Draciel MS - HMS 5 Saint Beasts Booster Version (Proto Grey) Draciel MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 Version (Blue) Draciel MS - Black Recolor Version Draciel MS - Gold tournament prize Version Draciel MS - Gold-plated tournament prize Version Draciel MS - (Light Blue) Draciel MS - (Orange) Draciel MS - (Red) Draciel MS - (White) Draciel MS - (Yellow) Gallery Draciel MS - Original Version Sonokong sticker sheet Takara sticker sheet Metal Defense Attack Ring without stickers BP, WD and RC Metal Defense Attack Ring Top view 3/4 view Side view Bottom view Draciel MS - Black Recolor Version Draciel MS (black) top view Draciel MS (black) side view Draciel MS (black) underside view Overall Because of Metal Defense's high recoil and Sharp Core's height Draciel MS gets knocked off balance very easily. This blade is the weakest of the first three HMS blades released however it is completely worth getting. Having a 15 gram Circle Wide is extremely advantageous. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Draciel_MS&oldid=13188"
