Dragoon G - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon G From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon Galaxy Number: A-89 System: EG System Type: Attack Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Eight Spiker 1.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 2 Weight Disk (WD): 10 Wide 3 Spin Gear (SG): Left Engine Gear (Metal Semi-Flat) 4 Blade Base (BB): First Clutch Base (Dragoon G version) 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Dragoon G-Normal Version 6.2 Dragoon G - A-103 Engine Gear Try Set Metallic Blue Version 6.3 Dragoon G - Fire Red Version (Toys 'R' Us Japan Exclusive) 6.4 Dragoon G - Hasbro Metallic Dark Blue Version 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Eight Spiker Weight: 5 grams Eight Spiker takes the form of four dragon heads followed by slightly smaller fins, for a total of eight contact points. Each one of its eight well-spaced, well-shaped contact points is further enhanced by small spikes, adding Spike Attack to its already prodigious Smash Attack. Despite its hyper-aggressive profile, Eight Spiker is low on Recoil, and is capable of exceptionally clean knock outs at any stage of a battle. It is therefore one of the best left spin Smash Attack ARs. However, being effective in left spin only comes at a cost: it is unable to make use of Grip Base, the fastest low-height base. Additionally, its lack of any Upper Attack slopes means that it has more trouble outspinning opponents when using bases such as SG Metal Flat 2. Nonetheless, it is an excellent Smash Attack AR, commonly considered the best Left-Spin Smash AR, and is, at the very least, a strong contender for this title. Use in Smash Attack Customization AR: Eight Spiker (Dragoon G) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Left SG (Normal Core) (Dragoon V2) SP: Fin Tectors (Draciel V2) BB: Customize Grip Base (Dragoon V2) In this custom, Eight Spiker's consistently powerful Smash Attack is enhanced in a couple ways: by the outwardly focused weight of Wide Defense?which increases movement speed?and by the additional lower Smash Attack provided by the Fin Tectors, which is useful given the slightly tall nature of Customize Grip Base. Weight Disk (WD): 10 Wide See 10 Wide Spin Gear (SG): Left Engine Gear (Metal Semi-Flat) Weight: 11 grams Dragoon G is equipped with a Left Engine Gear which has a Metal Semi-Flat tip. Despite the name, however, the tip is flat, only having slight rounding of the edges. This provides aggressive movement and decent Survival. The Engine Gear itself provides a burst of speed (the timing of which depends on the base it is used with). However, the tip isn't fully able to make use of this, and often, the most noticeable effect of activation is self-KO. Furthermore, it is too tall to hit many opponents, and is limited to Engine-Gear compatible bases, all of which are impractical and/or bulky. Overall, this part has no competitive use. Blade Base (BB): First Clutch Base (Dragoon G version) Weight: 7 grams Like all First Clutch blade bases, Dragoon G?s base activates the Engine Gear at the start of the battle. The base has eight protrusions, four of which are similar in shape to Eight Spiker, the other four are slightly smaller, and lack the spikes. While this base provides some means to make contact with lower opponents, it is very prone to Recoil, and as such is not commonly used. Other Versions Dragoon G - A-103 Engine Gear Try Set Metallic Blue Ver. Dragoon G - Fire Red Ver. (Toys 'R' Us Japan Exclusive) Dragoon G - Gold, Silver and Bronze Tournament Prize Versions. Dragoon G - JT Campaign Silver Ver. Dragoon G - Hasbro Metallic Dark Blue Ver. (comes with Left Customize Engine Gear and Metal Semi-Flat CEW) Gallery Dragoon G Box Front view Dragoon G Box Back view Dragoon G Box Side View One Dragoon G Box Side View Two Dragoon G Top View Dragoon G-Normal Version Dragoon G top view Dragoon G 3/4 view Dragoon G side view Dragoon G bottom view Eight Spiker Ten Wide Left Engine Gear (Metal Semi-Flat) First Clutch Base (Dragoon G) top view First Clutch Base (Dragoon G) 3/4 view Sticker sheet(Sonokong) Dragoon G - A-103 Engine Gear Try Set Metallic Blue Version Top view Side view Bottom view Dragoon G - Fire Red Version (Toys 'R' Us Japan Exclusive) Top view Side view Bottom view Dragoon G - Hasbro Metallic Dark Blue Version Top view Side view Bottom view Overall The excellent Attack Ring and useful Weight Disk, alongside the fact it comes with a Launcher and Dragon Winder make Dragoon G an enticing purchase, given it is generally cheaply available NIB. However, the requirement of a Left Spin Gear and compatible Blade Base to use Eight Spiker effectively means that Right Spin alternatives such as Driger G should be considered instead, and even if one decides they wish to use Left Spin, Metal Driger is arguably a better source of a competitive Attack Ring as it comes with more useful parts overall. This Beyblade is not a must-have, but it is nevertheless a welcome addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dragoon_G&oldid=12731"
