Dragoon MS UV - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon MS UV From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon MS UV (Metal Storm Ultimate Version) Number: MA-01 System: HMS Type: Attack Contents 1 Bit Protector (BP): Dragoon Emblem 2 Attack Ring (AR): Metal Spiker 3 Weight Disk (WD): Circle Wide 4 Running Core (RC): Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) 4.1 Versus Dragoon MS's Grip Flat Core 4.2 Use in Upper Attack Customization 4.3 Use in Smash Attack Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Dragoon MS UV - HMS 5 Saint Beasts Booster Version (Proto Grey) 6.2 Comparison of Dragoon MS UV & Dragoon MS 6.3 Dragoon MS UV - HMS Random Booster Act 2 Version (Bright Green) 7 Overall Languages: English|français|italiano Bit Protector (BP): Dragoon Emblem The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is Dragoon Emblem. It is the first mold version of Bit Protectors. It is the loosest mold. Attack Ring (AR): Metal Spiker Weight: 14 grams This attack ring has four exposed metal spikes with spiked tips to increase the pressure applied to a specific point. At the time of its release, it had some Smash Attack ability, but it is now outclassed and isn't worth consideration. Weight Disk (WD): Circle Wide See Circle Wide. Running Core (RC): Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) Weight: 1 gram Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) is the successor to Dragoon MS's Grip Flat Core, and although it gains some considerable advantages, there are also trade-offs that are made. Grip Flat Core is made of a very soft rubber, and its tip has a diameter of approximately 5mm, versus Grip Flat Core's 4mm. While this may not seem like a large difference, physically and practically the difference is very noticeable; Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) moves considerably faster. Approximately 2mm from the base of the tip is a rubber base that can be angled to hit the Tornado Ridge of the stadium. Doing this will cause the Beyblade to grip onto the stadium with more friction than usual and it will move very quickly. Another advantage is Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version)'s height. Along with Dragoon MS's Grip Flat Core, it is the shortest RC available. This makes it perfect for Upper Attack. Another attribute it shares with Grip Flat Core is its weight; only 1 gram, the lightest of any RC. This attributes even more to its movement speed. Versus Dragoon MS's Grip Flat Core As mentioned previously, there is a 1mm difference in the circumference of the tip, and that is the only difference. However, this 1mm changes its performance drastically. Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) moves at approximately 120-130% of the speed of Grip Flat Core. This speed increase raises Attack ability drastically, but also makes it much harder to control. It is common for Bladers who don't have enough shooting skill to shoot Beyblades using this RC out of the stadium immediately. For many Bladers, this RC is too fast to use in the Tornado Balance Type S stadium. It is this decrease in control that makes it impossible to see Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) as a replacement to Grip Flat Core. Both have situations in which they are advantageous over the other, and should be seen as supplements to build the perfect Attack-type depending on the situation. Use in Upper Attack Customization Using this RC, you can build the most popular Attack customization of HMS. AR: Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS) WD: CWD Defense Ring (Sea Dragon) RC: Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) (Dragoon MS UV) Use in Smash Attack Customization You can use Grip Flat Core's great speed to your advantage by building a pure Smash Attack combo. AR: Slash Upper (Slash Riger MS) WD: Circle Wide RC: Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) (Dragoon MS UV) Other Versions Dragoon MS UV - HMS Random Booster ACT 2 Version (Bright Green) Dragoon MS UV - HMS 5 Saint Beasts Booster Version (Proto Grey) Dragoon MS UV - Tournament Prize Version (Gold Plated) Dragoon MS UV - Opposite Sticker Color Gallery Dragoon MS UV - HMS 5 Saint Beasts Booster Version (Proto Grey) Dragoon MS UV Metal Spiker Upper View Metal Spiker Bottom view Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) Dragoon MS UV Side view Dragoon MS UV stickers Dragoon MS UV Side view Comparison of Dragoon MS UV & Dragoon MS Metal Attacker vs. Metal Spiker comparison (Side View) Metal Attacker vs. Metal Spiker comparison (Upper View) Metal Attacker vs. Metal Spiker comparison (Bottom View) Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version)'s tip vs. Grip Flat Core's tip Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) vs. Grip Flat Core comparison Dragoon MS UV - HMS Random Booster Act 2 Version (Bright Green) Dragoon MS UV Bright Green Ver. stickers Dragoon MS UV Bright Green Ver. Top View Dragoon MS UV Bright Green Ver. Side View Dragoon MS UV Bright Green Ver. Bottom View Overall Dragoon MS UV was released shortly after Dragoon MS, with the only noteworthy difference being its altered RC, Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version). However, this difference is a large difference; you can vastly increase the power of any Attack-type with this RC. However, Dragoon MS UV has become very rare and many Bladers are struggling to obtain it. If you see it, you shouldn't miss your chance to get it. All Bladers should own multiples of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dragoon_MS_UV&oldid=13326"
