Dragoon MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon MS (Metal Storm) Number: A-126 System: HMS Type: Attack Contents 1 Bit Protector (BP): Dragoon Emblem 2 Attack Ring (AR): Metal Attacker 3 Weight Disk (WD): Circle Wide 4 Running Core (RC): Grip Flat Core 4.1 Upper Attack Customization 4.2 Smash Attack Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Dragoon MS - Original Version 6.2 Dragoon MS - Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version 6.3 Dragoon MS - Random Booster Act 1 Version 7 Overall Languages: English|français|italiano Bit Protector (BP): Dragoon Emblem The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is Dragoon Emblem. It is the first mold version of Bit Protectors. It is the loosest mold. Attack Ring (AR): Metal Attacker Weight: 14 grams This attack ring has four exposed metal spikes with rounded tips. At the time of its release, it had some Smash Attack ability, but it is now outclassed and isn't worth consideration. Weight Disk (WD): Circle Wide See Circle Wide. Running Core (RC): Grip Flat Core Weight: 1 gram Grip Flat Core was the second Attack-type RC to be released, with Gaia Dragoon MS's Flat Core being the first. However, there is no comparison: Grip Flat Core is better in every imaginable sense. Grip Flat Core is made of a very soft rubber, and its tip has a diameter of approximately 4mm. Approximately 2mm from the base of the tip is a rubber base that can be angled to hit the Tornado Ridge of the stadium. Doing this will cause the Beyblade to grip onto the stadium with more friction than usual and it will move very quickly. Another advantage is Grip Flat Core's height. Along with Dragoon MS UV's Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version), it is the shortest RC available. This makes it perfect for Upper Attack. Another attribute it shares with Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) is its weight; only 1 gram, the lightest of any RC. This attributes even more to its movement speed. To this day, Grip Flat Core remains one of the top-tier Attack-type RCs. Upper Attack Customization Using this RC, you can build the most popular Attack customization of HMS. AR: Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS) WD: CWD Defense Ring (Sea Dragon) RC: Grip Flat Core (Dragoon MS) Smash Attack Customization You can use Grip Flat Core's great speed to your advantage by building a pure Smash Attack combo. AR: Slash Upper (Slash Riger MS) WD: Circle Wide RC: Grip Flat Core (Dragoon MS) Other Versions Dragoon MS - HMS Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version (Blue) Dragoon MS - HMS Random Booster ACT 1 Version (Red) Dragoon MS - Toys "R" Us Limited Fire Blood Version (Red) Dragoon MS - Special stickers Version (Red) Dragoon MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 Version (Black) Dragoon MS - Tournament Prize Versions Gold, Blue, etc. Gallery Dragoon MS - Original Version Sticker sheet Dragoon MS Dragoon MS Side view Dragoon MS Side view Metal Attacker Grip Flat Core Dragoon MS - Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version Dragoon MS Blue Set Version all parts Dragoon MS - Random Booster Act 1 Version Dragoon MS Random Booster Act 1 Dragoon MS Bottom view Dragoon MS Bottom view 2 Dragoon MS pieces Overall Dragoon MS was one of the first HMS Beyblades to be released and its RC continues to outshine most others to this day. Its RC is a must-have for any Blader to succeed against the strongest Beyblade of HMS, Wolborg MS. Every Blader should own multiples of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dragoon_MS&oldid=13216"
