Dragoon V - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon V From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Dragoon Victory Number: A-41 System: 5 Layer/Magnecore Type: Attack Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Eight Attacker 2 Weight Disk (WD): 10 Wide 3 Spin Gear (SG): Neo Left SG (Metal Weight Version) 4 Blade Base (BB): Magne Flat Base 4.1 Use In Smash Attack Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Dragoon V - Original Version (Hasbro) 6.2 Dragoon V - Silver Coro-Coro Limited Version 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Eight Attacker Weight: The AR of Dragoon V is designed for Smash Attack in left-spin. However, it is outclassed by Eight Spiker (Dragoon G) as well as other ARs. Also, the recoil makes the smash negligible as there are too many gaps between the spikes. This should only be used if nothing better is available. Weight Disk (WD): 10 Wide See Ten Wide Spin Gear (SG): Neo Left SG (Metal Weight Version) See Neo Left SG Blade Base (BB): Magne Flat Base Weight: The BB has four wings that protrude from the top of the base. They were designed for left-spin Smash Attack, but it is negligible because of recoil. Magne Flat Base is easily outclassed by Customize Grip (Dragoon V2) by uses for Smash Attack in two ways: It has the ability to hold a SP such as Fin Tector (Draciel V2) as well as as being able to interchange tips. Both have a magnetic flat tip, but the tip of Dragoon V is made of plastic, rather than rubber (its magnetism gimmick was marketed in place of the usual rubber gimmick of the Dragoon line). The advantage of this is that it will survive much longer than with the use of Dragoon V2's tip, but the trade off of this is speed, Recoil control, and controllability with a Sliding Shoot. Use In Smash Attack Customization AR: Triple Wing (Trygle) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Right SG SP: Fin Tector (Draciel V2) BB: Customize Grip Base (Dragoon V2) Tip: Magne Flat Base (Dragoon V) This customization makes the most of the tip's height by adding a Blade Base that uses a SP. Fin Tector and Triple Wing gives this combination very good smash. The combination is also heavier, making it slower and easier to control than many other combinations. Other Versions Dragoon V - Silver Coro-Coro Limited Version (With Gold Plated Weight Disk) Dragoon V - Silver Coro-Coro Limited Version (With Special Sticker) Dragoon V - Black Takara Limited Version Dragoon V - Toys R Us Edition Version (Flame red) Dragoon V - BeyBattle Set Takao VS Rei Version (Orange) Gallery Dragoon V - Original Version (Hasbro) 2/3 View Bottom View Side View Upper View Sticker sheet Dragoon V - Silver Coro-Coro Limited Version Top View 3/4 View Bottom View Parts Overall Dragoon V is only really worth buying for the vital Neo Left SG, with the Ten Wide being a pleasant bonus. While the Blade Base has some use due to its ability to hold a wide range of tips and SG setups, it is generally outclassed by parts available in much more useful Beyblades such as Dragoon V2 (which is a more worthwhile, but significantly more expensive source of Neo Left Spin Gears) and Wolborg 2. This Beyblade should only be considered if one needs a Neo Left Spin Gear and has no other options, or for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dragoon_V&oldid=13247"
