Dragoon S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dragoon S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Dragoon S (Storm) Number: 34 System: 5-Layer Type: Attack Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Reverse Dragon 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Wide 3 Spin Gear (SG): Left SG 4 Blade Base (BB): Storm Grip Base 4.1 Use in Upper Attack Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Dragoon S - Anime Version 6.2 Dragoon S - Phantom Force 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Reverse Dragon Weight: 5 grams Reverse Dragon is pretty much useless. It is severely outdated and there are many better choices for attack type purposes. Reverse Dragon was the first Attack Ring designed for attacking in left spin. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Wide See Eight Wide. Spin Gear (SG): Left SG See Left SG. Blade Base (BB): Storm Grip Base Weight: 4 grams Storm Grip Base comes with a flat rubber tip which is relatively small in diameter compared to those of Bases such as Grip Base and Customize Grip Base. Though this limits its speed and aggression, it is still a rather fast and aggressive Blade Base, especially at the beginning of a battle. In addition to this, Storm Grip is one of the lowest Bases ever created, falling just short of SG Flat when in mint condition. This is desirable for Upper Attack customizations, as in order for Upper Attack to work, the a combination must be able to get its Attack Ring underneath the opponent, something made significantly easier by a short Blade Base. In addition to this, it can hold a Heavy Metal Core, a practical necessity for any traditional Upper Attack combination. Overall, while its usefulness for Smash Attack is somewhat limited, Storm Grip Base is arguably the best and certainly the most popular Blade Base for Upper Attack, being a staple part of the type as a whole. Use in Upper Attack Customization AR: Upper Dragoon (Master Dragoon, Kids Dragoon) WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo Right SG Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger) BB: Storm Grip Base (Dragoon S) The amazing Upper Attack ability of Upper Dragoon combined with Storm Grip Base's height and ability to hold a Heavy Metal Core makes this setup one of the most effective Upper Attack combinations ever made. Other Versions Dragoon S - A-1 Anime Version - came with Red and Black Stickers, as in the Anime. Hasbro released this version first, and later re-released Dragoon S with its original Green and Purple Stickers around the release of the later F series Dragoon S - Phantom Force Version (Transparent Blue) Dragoon S - Limited Edition Blue Dragon Version Dragoon S - Limited Edition Version (Transparent Yellow) Dragoon S - H-88 Gold Version (Contains a Gold Plated Eight Wide) Dragoon S - BeyBooster S (Blue) Dragoon S - H-89 Limited Edition Crystal Version (Contains a Blue Plated Eight Wide) Dragoon S - Limited Edition Light Blue Version Dragoon S - Limited Edition Black Metallic Version Dragoon S - Limited Edition Blue Metallic Version Dragoon S - Limited Edition Silver Metallic Version Dragoon S - SonoKong Gold Version (comes with Blue Painted Eight Wide, and as with all Pre-G-Revolution SonoKong Beyblades, parts are smaller and do not fit properly with Takara and Hasbro Beyblades.) Gallery Dragoon S - Anime Version Top view 3/4 view Side view Bottom view Bottom view 2 Sticker sheet Dragoon S - Phantom Force Dragoon S Phantom Force Version Side view Bottom view Overall While Storm Grip Base's low height and flat rubber tip are useful properties, the fact is it simply isn't fast or aggressive enough to handle the majority of Defense type opponents no matter what type of Attack combination it is used in. In particular, it is almost entirely powerless against Circle Survivor Defense Combinations, which are extremely common in tournaments. As a result, despite the fact Storm Grip Base is by no means a bad or useless part, not to mention the usefulness of the Left Spin Gear Shells it comes with (though these are generally less useful than Neo Left Shells), Dragoon S is not a priority for any competitive Blader. This Beyblade is not a must-have, but it is nevertheless a welcome addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dragoon_S&oldid=12802"
