Dranzer S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dranzer S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Dranzer Spiral Number: A-2 System: 5-Layer Type: Balance Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Double Wing 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance 3 Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (Free Shaft Version) 3.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 4 Blade Base (BB): Spiral Change Base 4.1 Use in Life After Death Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Dranzer S - Original Version 6.2 Dranzer S - Clear Version 6.3 Dranzer S - Phantom Force 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Double Wing Weight: 4 grams This Attack Ring has two wings on either side that are designed for Smash Attack in left spin. Unfortunately, the Attack Ring is outclassed by others such as Eight Spiker (Dragoon G) and produces too much recoil for competitive use. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance See Eight Balance Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (Free Shaft Version) Weight: 6 grams This Spin Gear has casings that hold a metal sharp tip and a metal bearing inside. The casings can also be used to hold Driger F's tip inside and allows the tip to be used in many smash attack customizations. Use in Smash Attack Customization AR: Triple Wing (Trygle) WD: Wide Defense SG: Right SG (Free Shaft Version) SG Shaft: SG (Full Auto Clutch) Shaft (Driger F) BB: Defense Grip Base 2 (Wolborg 2) This customization uses the casings to their fullest. The metal flat tip increases movement. It is best when used with the Sliding Shoot since the the tip makes the Beyblade very hard to control otherwise. Blade Base (BB): Spiral Change Base Weight: 7 grams This blade base can hold Right SG (Free Shaft Version), as well as un-gimmicked Spin Gears and Neo Spin Gears. When used with Right SG (Free Shaft Version), the bottom of the base can be pushed in and turned before battle to have either a metal sharp tip or plastic flat tip. Spiral Change Base has great life-after-death ability when used in the plastic flat tip mode and can be used instead of a bearing tip and is able to tie or beat one, even when used in the opposite spin direction, though it can be very hard to control and has poor Defense (albeit better than its Endurance Mode), Weak Shooting can aid both significantly, although it is still a risky choice. Use in Life After Death Customization AR: War Lion (Galeon) WD: Wide Survivor SG: Right SG BB: Spiral Change Base This customization uses Spin Stealing combined with Spiral Change Bases unrivalled Life After Death ability to effectively outspin opponents, and is a reliable method for defeating Zombie Customizations. If Right SG (Free Shaft Version) is used, only Attack Mode is viable, due to Survival Mode's extremely poor Defense. Other Versions Dranzer S - Phantom Force Version (Translucent red) Dranzer S - Hong Kong H-91 Clear Version (With Red Plated Weight Disk) Dranzer S - Black Skeleton Clear Version Dranzer S - Random Booster S (red) Dranzer S - Tournament Prize (Gold) Dranzer S - Tournament Prize (Silver) Dranzer S - Tournament Prize (Red-plated) Dranzer S - Shogakukan Prize (Blue-plated) Gallery Dranzer S - Original Version Front view Dranzer S pieces Side view Bottom view Bottom Sharp tip Bottom Flat tip Sticker sheet Dranzer S - Clear Version Dranzer S Dranzer S 3/4 vew Dranzer S parts Spiral Change Base (Attack Mode) Spiral Change Base (Survival Mode) Dranzer S - Phantom Force Front view Side view Bottom view Overall Dranzer S's Spin Gear Casings, as well as its Blade Base are both very useful parts, the latter in particular being useful both for and against Zombie customizations despite its Defensive limitations (which can be partially mitigated with the use of Weak Launch. In addition to this, the fact the Attack Ring, while outclassed, has some use for Smash Attack is a nice bonus as well. All Bladers should own at least one copy of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dranzer_S&oldid=13511"
