Dranzer F - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Dranzer F From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Dranzer Flame Number: A-27 System: 5-Layer Type: Combination Contents 1 Black Dranzer 2 Attack Ring (AR): Flame Wing 2.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 2.2 Use in Upper Attack Customization 3 Weight Disk (WD): 8 Heavy 4 Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (Triple Change Version) 5 Blade Base (BB): Flame Change Base 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Dranzer F - Original Version 7.2 Dranzer F - Red Magma (Coro Coro) Version 7.3 Dranzer F - Metal Master Version 8 Overall Black Dranzer Black Dranzer is merely a recolored Dranzer F and performs identically as a result. Attack Ring (AR): Flame Wing Weight: 5 grams Flame Wing is a multi-attack style ring capable of both Upper Attack and Smash Attack. Unfortunately its ?Jack of All Trades? design tends to give it more setbacks than advantages. The sources of its Smash Attack are the two blunt notches on the end of the spikes. Upon contact these notches have the potential to cause significant damage to its opponent in right spin. These protruding notches are also the source for the AR?s main weakness; durability. Like many Smash attackers, Flame Wing is fragile and the notches have a tendency to break off with constant use. Since the spikes are angled upwards it is capable of Upper Attack. The upper attack however is inferior to a lot of the competition (Upper Dragoon, Triple Tiger). The cause of this is the smaller angle of the slope (around 10 degrees) compared to Upper Dragoon?s 15 degrees (Right Spin). This is an AR that should be used when superior Upper Attack or Smash Attack AR?s are unavailable. Use in Smash Attack Customization AR: Flame Wing WD: 10 Wide BB: Grip Base (Dragoon Grip Attacker) This combination is lightweight, resulting in high speeds. The fast movement can be hard to control, unless a shooting technique such as the Sliding Shoot is employed. Use of this technique improves the chances of performing an early KO. Use in Upper Attack Customization AR: Flame Wing WD: 10 Heavy SG: Neo Right SG Heavy Metal Core (Metal Driger) BB: Storm Grip Base (Dragoon S) This customization makes the best of the Upper Attack that Flame Wing has. Its heavier weight and low height allows it to lift the opposing beyblade, instead of being pushed downwards. Weight Disk (WD): 8 Heavy See Heavy Weight Disks Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (Triple Change Version) Weight: 5 grams SG Triple Change Version can only be used with Flame Change Base. Its casing houses a triple-tipped plastic piece, which when pulled down allows the player to change between flat, sharp, and semi-flat tips. While this tip adds versatility, and acts as a good practice base for newer players; problems emerge. First, while able to use three different tips with three different battle styles; it isn?t able to do any of them very well since the SG is too tall. Second, there is a manufacturing flaw with many of the SG?s that make the triple-tipped plastic piece too loose to stay on one tip. So during a battle it can get stuck between two of them, significantly reducing endurance and costing the player the match. This unreliability automatically disqualifies it from being a serious choice for many competitive players; but as mentioned before, newer players might find this useful to practice with. This gimmick was later reused in VariAres' 4D Bottom, Delta Drive (D:D), though a Wide Ball tip replaced the Semi-flat Tip, and the reliability was greatly improved. Blade Base (BB): Flame Change Base Weight: 9 grams This base can only be used in conjunction with SG Triple Change Version. It contains no other notable features. Other Versions Dranzer F - Metal Master Version (Metallic Blue) Dranzer F - BBA Championship Version (Black Dranzer) Spin Gear is green and not all versions include the (Black Dranzer) bit chip sticker. Dranzer F - Crystal Version Dranzer F - Coro-Coro Limited (Red) Dranzer F - (Black Dranzer) included in A/H-38. Spin Gear is red and includes the Black Dranzer bit chip sticker. Gallery Dranzer F - Original Version Front View 3/4 View Flame Wing - Top View Bottom View Base - Top View Spin Gear Parts Sticker sheet Dranzer F - Red Magma (Coro Coro) Version Upper View Upper View (Close Up) 2/3 View Bottom View Parts Attack Ring : Flame Wing Blade Base : Flame Change Base Dranzer F - Metal Master Version Top View Side View 3/4 View Bottom View Right SG (Triple Change Version) Bottom View Right SG (Triple Change Version) Pieces Dranzer F Pieces Overall While an aesthetically pleasing Blade, Dranzer F's usefulness is severely undermined by the fragility issues which plague Flame Wing, as well as the limitations its recoil imposes on its usefulness in Survival and Defense types. While the Spin Gear and Blade Base present an interesting and at the time of release somewhat useful gimmick, they are not competitive parts by any means. Unless one is very desperate for a Survival AR, this Beyblade is only worth buying for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Dranzer_F&oldid=13111"
