Driger MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Driger MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Driger Metal Slash Number: A-124 System: HMS Type: Balance Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Metal Upper 1.1 Mould Differences 2 Weight Disk (WD): Circle Balance 3 Running Core (RC): Semi-Flat Core 4 Other Versions 5 Gallery 5.1 Driger MS - Original Version 5.2 Driger MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 Version (Red) 5.3 Driger MS - HMS Random Booster ACT 1 (Light Grey) 5.4 Driger MS - Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version (White) 6 Overall Languages: English|français|italiano Driger MS was the first HMS beyblade to be released by Takara in Japan and ushered in the HMS era. Attack Ring (AR): Metal Upper Weight: 20 grams Metal Upper features two slight ramps when in right spin direction that are designed to give the attack ring upper attack so that it may lift other beyblades. In left spin the "heads" of the tiger on the attack ring provide some decent smash attack due to its thick metal spikes. Overall the attack ring is rather rounded and is thus well suited for compact customizations. It was originally very useful when HMS first made its debut, but has since been surpassed by later HMS Beyblade parts. Mould Differences When Driger MS was first produced in Japan it shipped with a different Attack Ring from that of current models. This "Japan Mould" AR featured more flat edges on the upper-lifting ramps and a less enforced metal frame that held the AR together. When production was moved to China, the mould for Metal Upper was changed, adding somewhat rounded edges on the upper ramps and a thicker underlying frame to prevent the AR from breaking. Weight Disk (WD): Circle Balance Weight: 15.13 grams Circle Balance is one of the three original HMS Weight Disks. It stands between Circle Heavy and Circle Wide, being wider and lighter than the former, but more compact and heavier than the latter. While this makes it a quite versatile Weight Disk, capable of anything, the lack of focus renders it average at everything. As a multi-purpose Weight Disk, it is outclassed by CWD Defense Ring (Sea Dragon) and should only be used if nothing else is available. Running Core (RC): Semi-Flat Core Weight: 2 grams Semi-Flat core is more or less the HMS rendition of SG Semi-Flat; in other words, a nice Running Core. Its tip is sharp, yet flattened on the very end. This gives it a mild movement pattern when launched straight into a beystadium best suited for endurance or defense purposes. However, when launched on a slant it begins to move in a circular, more aggressive attack-type pattern. Other Versions Driger MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 Version (Red) Driger MS - HMS Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version (White) Driger MS - HMS 5 Saint Beasts Booster (Proto Grey) Driger MS - HMS Random Booster ACT 1 (Light Grey) Driger MS - Tournament Prize Version (Gold Plated) Driger MS - Tournament Prize Version (Silver) Driger MS - (Turquoise) Driger MS - (Yellow) Gallery Driger MS - Original Version Sticker sheet BP, WD and RC Metal Upper attack ring Top view 3/4 view Side view Bottom view Driger MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 Version (Red) Driger MS red top view Driger MS red underside view Driger MS - HMS Random Booster ACT 1 (Light Grey) Driger MS (light grey) top view Driger MS (light grey) side view Driger MS (light grey) underside view Driger MS - Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version (White) Driger MS (white) top view Driger MS (white) side view Driger MS (white) underside view Overall Driger MS was a strong start for the HMS series of beyblades. It offered a nice attack ring in Metal Upper and the HMS version of the popular bladebase SG Semi-Flat. However, it has since been usurped by later parts, such as Death Gargoyle MS's Circle Upper as well as DEMS's Metal Change Core; there's also the Metal Semi-Flat Core from Advance Averazer which is the upgraded form of it. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Driger_MS&oldid=13250"
