Earth Aquila 145WD - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Earth Aquila 145WD From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Earth Aquila 145WD Number: BB-47 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Balance Contents 1 Name Change 2 Face: Aquila 3 Clear Wheel: Aquila 4 Metal Wheel: Earth 4.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 4.2 Use in Defense Customization 4.3 Use in Stamina Customization 5 Track: 145 6 Bottom: Wide Defense 6.1 Use in Stamina customization 7 Other Versions 8 Gallery 8.1 Earth Aquila 145WD 8.2 Earth Aquila 105HF/S - WBBA exclusive 8.3 Earth Aquila 145WD - Blue Mitsuya Cider Ver 8.4 Earth Aquila 145WD - Red Mitsuya Cider Ver 8.5 Earth Aquila 145WD - Green Mitsuya Cider Ver 9 Overall Name Change Earth Aquila was re-named Earth Eagle by Hasbro. Face: Aquila The Face on this Beyblade depicts Aquila, one of the 88 constellations in space. In mythology, Aquila is seen to represent an eagle, which is featured on this Beyblade's Face. Clear Wheel: Aquila Weight: 2.9 grams Aquila was first released in a translucent purple colour. Each side of this Clear Wheel represents an Eagle's pair of wings, with the notches on either side representing its head. It was clearly designed to fit with the aesthetic of the Earth Metal Wheel with its two spikes/notches fitting nicely over the small notches on the inner section of Earth. Metal Wheel: Earth Weight: 30.8 grams Full Width: 45 mm Minimum Width: 43 mm Full Height: 9.5 mm Minimum Height: 4 mm Maximum Wing Distance: 2.5 mm Minimum Wing Distance: 2 mm Side Declination: ~ 12° Earth has four thick, textured wings surrounding its perimeter, with each pair facing each other on a slight incline. The space created between the wings is quite small, and the resulting effect is similar to any Wheel that has no spaces: minimal recoil. Though it is on the lighter side of Metal Wheels, its almost unperturbed circular design, and minimal recoil made it one of the best, Defense-oriented Wheel available for competitive play. However, it has since been severely outclassed by the extremely heavy 4D Metal Wheels and Zero-G Chrome Wheels paired in Synchrom, such as Duo, Revizer and Genbull. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Earth Metal Wheel (second mold) Earth has two different molds. The first mold was released in BB-47 Starter Earth Aquila 145WD, and the second in both the purple WBBA "Event Special" MF Earth Aquila 105HF/S, and SonoKong manufactured Earth Metal Wheels. However, TAKARA-TOMY has since ceased production on the first mold, thus making it a difficult part to obtain. The second mold addressed breaking problems that the original mold faced by modifying the inside of each of Earth's wings. The new mold is up to three grams heavier than the old mold (30-31 grams versus 33 grams on the new mold), which makes it significantly more effective for Defense customizations. Therefore, the new mold is the preferred choice for Defense customs using Earth, while the original mold would be the best for Stamina. Use in Defense Customization Earth is best utilized in the top-tier Defense customization, MF-H Earth Bull/Kerbecs BD145CS. Earth's low recoil can be put to good use in combination with BD145 which prevents many KO's by top-tier low track attackers and adds a fair amount of weight making it difficult to knock around. CS, being the tallest defense tip currently, is the only suitable choice in combination with a BD145 in normal mode and due to BD145's weight, it makes up for CS' lesser defensive prowess compared to the completely rubber tip, RS. When you add Bull or Kerbecs for extra weight along with MF-H you essentially have a very low recoil, decently heavy defensive beyblade which can withstand attackers from all heights. Nevertheless, even Basalt outclasses it due to its sheer weight, rendering Earth completely useless in the metagame. Use in Stamina Customization Earth also has exceptional Stamina capabilities because of its low recoil and good weight distribution. Earth can be utilized in the top-tier Stamina custom, Earth Bull AD145WD. Bull is chosen due to it being one of the heaviest Clear Wheels with with a great distribution of weight. Track: 145 Weight: 1.47 grams Full Width: 20 mm Minimum Width: 18 mm Height: 14.50 mm 145, along with its variants (C145, DF145, etc.), was once the highest Track available, until the 230 Track was released with Flame Byxis. It can be used in Stamina customs to great effect due to its tall height, which allows for more wobbling as the Beyblade loses its spin velocity. However, gimmick-paired Tracks like BD145 have immensely outclassed their original bare variant, on top of several taller gimmick Tracks surpassing 145 as well against heavy, mid-height Attackers. Even in Stamina battles, 145 does not offer enough balance: Tracks like AD145 and W145 provide a good center of gravity, and aid with a slight downforce to maintain stability. Bottom: Wide Defense Tip Comparison: SD, D, and WD Weight: 0.7 gram Full Width: 15.53 mm Tip Width: 14.17 mm Full Height: 8.92 mm Tip Height: 6.75 mm Tip Angle: 40° Wide Defense, as its name implies is one of the widest of the ?Defense? series of Bottoms (D, SD, WD, PD, EWD). This brings numerous advantages, but also some disadvantages when compared to the other ?Defense? Bottoms, specifically D. The advantages include its ability for abnormally long precession times due to its massive width that reaches the edge of the Bottom's perimeter. This allows it to wobble at a significantly larger angle for a longer period of time than D, and at a much lower spin rate. However, depending on the position of the Beyblade using WD and the spin rate of the opponent, this can be disadvantageous because of how easy it becomes to knock over the precessing WD custom. This low spin rate towards the end of the battle is created because in the process of wobbling at such a large angle, more friction is made with the stadium floor, thus decreasing its Stamina. Nevertheless, this more often an advantage than it is a disadvantage. Newer parts such as CS, EDS and B:D have overshadowed WD to some degree: CS and EDS due to their ability to be paired with the popular BD145 Track without scraping, and B:D because of its height and even longer precession times, but WD is still one of the best pure Stamina Bottoms available. However, when selecting high Tracks such as TH170 and 230, WD's tendency to wobble at larger angles should be kept in mind, as its extreme precession can often become problematic. Although the name suggests Defensive characteristics, WD does not possess any inherent defensive qualities. However, its proficiency can be increased significantly when facing left-spin Attackers through the utilization of the Weak Shooting technique. Use in Stamina customization WD is arguably the best of the ?Defense? series of Bottoms, and its effectiveness can be utilized in the custom Phantom Bull AD145WD. Other Versions WBBA Exclusive MF Earth Aquila 105HF/S Storm Aquila 145HF - Random Booster Vol.4 Mirage Virgo (Green) Flame Aquila 100ES - Random Booster Vol.4 Mirage Virgo (Red) MF Earth Aquila 105HF/S - WBBA Exclusive, later released with Mani DVD Set (Clear Aquila, Purple Earth) Earth Aquila 145WD Mitsuya Cider Ver. - Promotion for Mitsuya Cider Drink. 3 Versions:(Blue Aquila, Blue Earth),(Red Aquila, Magenta Earth), (Clear Aquila, Green Earth) Earth Eagle 145WD - Faceoff: Metal Wing Smash Earth Eagle 145WD - Hasbro Ultimate Gift Set (Gunmetal Grey Earth, Pearlescent Indigo Aquila) Gallery Earth Aquila 145WD Earth Aquila 145WD Earth Aquila 145WD bottom view Earth Aquila 145WD 3/4 view Earth Aquila 145WD side view Earth Metal Wheel top (first mold) Earth Metal Wheel bottom (first mold) Aquila Clear Wheel Aquila Clear Wheel 145 Track WD Earth Aquila 105HF/S - WBBA exclusive Earth Aquila 105HF/S top view Earth Aquila 105HF/S underside view Aquila WBBA Exclusive Metal Face (purple) Aquila Clear Wheel (clear and purple) Earth Metal Wheel (purple) top view 105 Track (clear turquoise) Hole Flat/Sharp Bottom in Sharp mode Hole Flat/Sharp Bottom in Hole Flat mode Earth Aquila 145WD - Blue Mitsuya Cider Ver Front view Underside view Aquila top view Earth top view 145 WD Earth Aquila 145WD - Red Mitsuya Cider Ver Front View Underside view Aquila top view 145 Earth Aquila 145WD - Green Mitsuya Cider Ver Front view Underside view Aquila top view Earth top view 145 WD Overall Earth Aquila 145WD uncustomized is a quite strong Stamina type by itself, and, taken separately, Earth used to be top-tier in Defense, and 145 serves no purpose anymore due to its lack of gimmick. Even if WD remains top-tier, it has been released in many subsequent Beyblades and Sets. Consequently, this Beyblade should only be purchased for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Earth_Aquila_145WD&oldid=13396"
