Einstein MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Einstein MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Einstein MS (Metal Spring) Number: A-136 System: HMS Type: Balance Contents 1 Name Change 2 Bit Protector (BP): Heavy Metal Emblem 3 Attack Ring (AR): Metal Spring 3.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 3.2 Use in Compact Customization 4 Weight Disk (WD): Circle Heavy 5 Running Core (RC): Spring Core 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Einstein MS - Original Version (Light green) 7.2 Einstein MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 (Light blue) 7.3 Einstein MS - HMS Random Booster ACT 2 Version (Fuschia) 8 Overall Name Change Einstein MS was released by Hasbro as Hopper Attack. Bit Protector (BP): Heavy Metal Emblem The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is Heavy Metal Emblem. It is the first mould verson of Bit Protectors. Attack Ring (AR): Metal Spring Weight: 16 grams Metal Spring is a triangular shaped AR. Its ABS caul is in the center with the metal around the edge, which means that the metal is the part in contact with the opposing beyblade for the most part. The edges of this beyblade are jagged, though they don't extend far. There are also three "heads" that allow for some Smash Attack, though it also results in some recoil. This AR is also very small, and although it isn't very heavy, it can work well in compact customizations, especially more aggressive ones; this being said, Jiraiya MS's AR, Jiraiya Blade outclasses Metal Spring by being 6 grams heavier, more compact, more effective Smash Attack. Use in Smash Attack Customization Metal Spring has many small extensions that allow for Smash Attack and although it can have some recoil, a rubber flat tip can help reduce it. Here is an example: AR: Metal Spring (Einstein MS) WD: Circle Wide RC: Grip Flat Core (Dragoon MS) Use in Compact Customization Metal Spring is also small, which allows it to be used in Compact customizations, and although it is very outclassed by Jiraiya Blade (Jiraiya MS) and Metal Ape (Magical Ape MS), it can be viable in more aggressive compact customizations, when Jiraiya Blade is not available and where Metal Ape (Magical Ape MS) doesn't perform as well. AR: Metal Spring (Einstein MS) WD: Circle Heavy RC: Metal Change Core (Death Gargoyle MS) Weight Disk (WD): Circle Heavy See Circle Heavy. Running Core (RC): Spring Core Weight: 3 grams This RC is very tall and has a spring inside that lets the tip bounce on the launch. Its tip is a plastic semi-flat. The RC is not only tall, but it moves itself into a position where it is easily hit by Attack-type Beyblades. Because of its height and the separation between the two halves of the RC (which causes the tip to stray from the axis often), this RC has very bad balance. So, this RC has no competitive use, but can be fun to use just for the gimmick. Other Versions Einstein MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 Version (Light Blue) Einstein MS - HMS Random Booster ACT 2 Version (Fuschia) Einstein MS - Tournament Limited (Dark Green) Einstein MS - Coro Coro Limited (Gold) Gallery Einstein MS - Original Version (Light green) Sticker sheet Einstein MS top view Einstein MS side view Einstein MS underside view Einstein Bit Protector Metal Spring AR Circle Heavy Weight Disk Circle Heavy Weight Disk underside view Spring Core Running Core Einstein MS - Beyblade Fukubako 2004 (Light blue) Einstein MS light blue top view Einstein MS light blue underside view Einstein MS - HMS Random Booster ACT 2 Version (Fuschia) Einstein MS fuschia top view Einstein MS fuschia underside view Overall Einstein MS isn't needed for any bladers collection, but Metal Spring has some uses, especially when there is no access to Jiraiya MS or Magical Ape MS. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Einstein_MS&oldid=12141"
