Escolpio WD145B - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Escolpio WD145B From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Escolpio WD145B Number: BB-24 System: Metal System Type: Defense Contents 1 Face: Escolpio 2 Wheel: Escolpio 3 Track: WD145 3.1 Use in Attack Customization 4 Bottom: Ball 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Escolpio WD145B 7 Overall Face: Escolpio The Face on this Beyblade depicts Scorpio, the eighth astrological sign in the Zodiac. Wheel: Escolpio Weight: 31 Grams Escolpio's design consists of two large scorpion tails connected at each end in a relatively circular shape. The top of each tail is adorned with red rectangles to resemble the divisions on a scorpion's body. Given the circular nature Escolpio has, it may seem suited for Defense and Stamina, as most defensive and endurance Wheels require an uninterrupted rounded shape, which Escolpio is close to having, save for the small crevices created by the lines dividing the sections of the tails. However, Escolpio is not a very good choice for Defense or Stamina despite its ideal shape. This is because the underside of this Wheel is completely hollow, like a bell. As such, it lacks the heavy weight necessary to perform well in either category. Weighing 31 grams, Escolpio is among the lightest Wheels ever created. Even with a Metal Face, it simply does not maintain much of its spin velocity due to the light weight, and when hit, it easily loses the little balance it had, and it cannot counter. For Attack, there are no slopes, protrusions, spikes, or notches on Escolpio to supply any offense. The prototype of Escolpio, however, did have the stinger part of both tails highlighted on the sides of the Wheel, which could have at least provided some element of Attack. However, this element of the design ended up being filled in so that there is barely any relief left on the ends of the Wheel. Being useless in all areas of the metagame since the day it was released, Escolpio is one of the worst Wheels ever created. Track: WD145 Weight: 3.6 gram Full Width: 38 mm Wing Width: 23.5 mm Wing Distance: 13.5 mm Height: 14.50 mm WD145 features three "wings" covering more than half of the circumference around the Track's core. These wings are fixed, so WD145 cannot truly absorb hits well, not to mention that an Attacker can easily get caught between the wings and the Wheel, causing notable recoil and imbalance. Furthermore, as the Beyblade wobbles during its precession, this Track will scrape the stadium floor and decrease the Beyblade's Stamina a lot. Being therefore useless for Stamina and Defense, the only use WD145 has found is in specific Attack combinations, however there are numerous other more useful options, like the heavier R145. Use in Attack Customization MF Pegasis WD145RF can be used as a passable alternate to MF Pegasis 145RF, though the latter is an outdated combination now anyway. Bottom: Ball Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.82 mm Tip Width: 5.88 mm Full Height: 8.98 mm Tip Height: 5.97 mm Ball, as its name suggests, is shaped like a ball. This hemispherical shape provides a large area for the Bottom to make contact with the Stadium floor; hence increasing friction and making it more difficult to knockout. B?s shape also makes it likely to stay in the central areas of the Stadium, hence maximizing the customization?s distance from the Stadium exits. Due to its qualities, this bottom makes a decent choice for Defense Customizations. B can be used if WB is not available. However, both have been outclassed by CS, RSF and RS, all of which inherently have better Defense due to the inclusion rubber. Since it is ball-shaped, this means that it still mostly only has one single point of contact with the stadium floor, and it wears evenly. For those reasons, the B Bottom is also a prized tip for Stamina testing, where variations in Bottom wear can cause considerable differences in performances. Other Versions No other versions of this Beyblade were released. Gallery Escolpio WD145B Escolpio WD145B front view Escolpio WD145B underside view Escolpio WD145B side view Escolpio top view Escolpio underside view WD145 B Overall Escolpio WD145B consists of outclassed parts that don't serve any use in competitive play anymore, or that never did serve use competitively. There is no reason to buy this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Escolpio_WD145B&oldid=13383"
