Flash Leopard - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Flash Leopard From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Flash Leopard Number: A-54 System: 5-Layer Type: Balance Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Panther Claw 1.1 Use in Compact Combination 2 Weight Disk (WD): 10 Heavy 3 Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG 4 Blade Base (BB): SG Semi-Flat Base 5 Other Version 6 Gallery 6.1 Flash Leopard - Original Version 6.2 Flash Leopard - Blue Version 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Panther Claw Weight: 5 grams Panther Claw is an attack ring that is similarly balanced compared to Tiger Defenser (Driger S) due to its relative shape to it. However, because of its longer projection points and heavier weight, its usage in Survival type customizations is easily outclassed by Tiger Defenser. One advantage that Panther Claw outclasses Tiger Defenser in is attack. In addition to its Smash Attack, the projection points are slightly curved which may allow some minor Upper Attack. Use this attack ring if it is necessary to have a more aggressive attack ring than Tiger Defenser on your Beyblade. Overall, this is an attack ring worthy of being compared to Tiger Defenser, as it has very similar properties, is a very balanced attack ring, and can be used as a replacement when necessary. Use in Compact Combination AR: Panther Claw WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo Right SG SG Core: Heavy Metal Core (Metal Driger) BB: Metal Change Base (Driger S) While this is not the ideal Compact combination that can be used, this combination is a result of the attributes that make Panther Claw special, which is that it is a very aggressive attack ring for a balanced attack ring. This combination stays true to the ideals of Compact with centralized weight and high spin velocity, with the ability to switch to attack mode with Metal Change Base (Driger S) and an aggressive launch. Weight Disk (WD): 10 Heavy See Heavy Weight Disks Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG (Hasbro) See Neo Right SG (North Core Version) or (Takara) See Neo Right SG (Metal Weight Version) Blade Base (BB): SG Semi-Flat Base See SG Semi-Flat Other Version Flash Leopard - Deep Blue (Random Booster 8 Version) Flash Leopard - Grey Metallic Limited Edition Version (With Red Metallic Plated Weight Disk) Flash Leopard - Blue Green (Random Booster 9 Version) Flash Leopard - Chic Red (Random Booster 8 Version) Flash Leopard - Wild Green (Random Booster 8 Version) Flash Leopard - Army Green (Random Booster 9 Version) Flash Leopard - Blue (Fukobako 2003 Version) (Comes with no Weight Disk and a Metal Weight Core instead of the standard Magnecore.) Gallery Flash Leopard - Original Version Top View 3/4View Side View Bottom View Flash Leopard - Blue Version Top View 3/4 View Side View Bottom View Panther Claw Attack Ring Star Attack Weight Disk Neo Spin Gear - Metal Weight SG Semi-Flat Base Top View SG Semi-Flat Base 3/4 View Overall Flash Leopard is outclassed by Beyblades such as Driger S, but can still be used in Compact combinations when Tiger Defenser isn?t an option. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Flash_Leopard&oldid=12032"
