Gaia Dragoon V - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gaia Dragoon V From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Gaia Dragoon V (Vast) Number: A-78 System: 5-Layer/Magnecore Type: Attack Contents 1 Name Variation 2 Attack Ring (AR): Dragon Breaker 3 Weight Disk (WD): Ten Wide 4 Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG (S-MG Core) 5 Blade Base (BB): SG Metal Flat 2 5.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 5.2 Use in Attack Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Gaia Dragoon V - Original Version 8 Overall Name Variation Hasbro released this product as Strata Dragoon V. Attack Ring (AR): Dragon Breaker Weight: 8 grams Dragon Breaker has an unorthodox shaped AR. It is more in the shape of an oval and contains two distinctive sets of spikes. The first set of spikes are slanted in shape while the second set contains several smaller spikes. Because of this, it is unable to have stable hits when in contact with opposing Beyblades. In order to maximize its potential Smash Attack, it must used in left spin, however, the combination of a higher Smash Attack with its unorthodox shape causes it to recoil frequently making it not worth using. Dragon Breaker also has a free-spinning S-AR that contains four spikes. It does contain some amount of Smash Attack in left spin as well. However, when the S-AR gets in contact with opposing force, it hinders the rest of the Beyblade instead of spinning freely because of its larger structure unlike other S-ARs such as War Lion (Galeon). Weight Disk (WD): Ten Wide See Ten Wide. Spin Gear (SG): Neo Right SG (S-MG Core) See Neo Right SG Blade Base (BB): SG Metal Flat 2 Weight: 5 grams The BB of Gaia Dragoon V, SG Metal Flat 2, is the second BB released with a metal flat tip with SG Metal Flat (Driger V) being the first. SG Metal Flat 2 is the improved version of SG Flat because it is 1 gram heavier and remains nearly the same height. The most distinct change in this BB is having a metal flat tip. Because of this, the Spin Velocity of the BB when spinning increases due to less friction against the stadium surface. This makes it one of the most useful BB for Attack-types such as Smash Attack and Upper Attack. Use in Smash Attack Customization Although the metal flat tip isn't as fast as other BBs with grip tips such as Grip Base (Grip Attacker) and SG Grip Change Base (Takara Uriel 2), its Survival ability lasts longer allowing more hits to happen. Here is an example: AR: Triple Wing (Trygle) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Right SG SG Core:South/North Magnecore BB: SG Metal Flat 2 (Gaia Dragoon V) Triple Wing, one of the best Smash Attack ARs, combined with Wide Defense accounts for the offense in this. Although the wings of the AR aren't as exposed due to the WD, the Wide Defense adds to the amount of Smash Attack it has from the notches along it. Together with SG Metal Flat 2, which has excellent survival for an attack Blade Base (allowing Triple Wing to deliver decent hits even as the combination is slowing down), and Magnecore (while a Heavy Metal Core may be used for extra controllability, it has negative impact on Survival of the combination) which controls any recoil produced, this is a great attack customization. Use in Attack Customization AR: Triple Tiger (Driger G) WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo-Right SG SG Core: S-MG Core BB: SG Metal Flat 2 (Gaia Dragoon V) Triple Tiger has the capability of both Smash Attack as well as Upper Attack depending on how it is used. In this case, because SG Metal Flat 2 is about the average height for an Attack-type base, it has chances to perform both types of Attack. Although versatile with both Smash Attack and Upper Attack, its only flaw is that it doesn't truly focus on just one type of Attack. If you want to focus on just Upper Attack, a lower BB such as Storm Grip (Dragoon S) should be used. Other Versions Gaia Dragoon V - Limited Edition Yellow Version Gaia Dragoon V - Limited Edition Red Version Gallery Sticker sheet Box Front view Box Back view Gaia Dragoon V - Original Version Dragon Breaker AR and S-AR Top view 3/4 view Side view Bottom view Overall A powerful if somewhat difficult to use Attack Ring, useful if generic Spin Gear and Weight Disk and an excellent Blade Base make Gaia Dragoon V a very enticing purchase, however the wide availability of more useful or equally-useful-but-cheaper alternatives to each of these parts means it is not a must-have. This Beyblade is not a must-have for anyone other than Attack Type fans, but it is nevertheless a welcome addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Gaia_Dragoon_V&oldid=13469"
