Gaia Dragoon MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gaia Dragoon MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gaia Dragoon MS (Metal Spike) Number: A-123 System: HMS Type: Attack Contents 1 Name Change 2 Bit Protector (BP): Gaia Emblem 3 Attack Ring (AR): Metal Saucer 3.1 Shared Metal Frame 3.2 Use in Spin Stealing Customization 4 Weight Disk (WD): Circle Heavy 5 Running Core (RC): Flat Core 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Gaia Dragoon MS - Regular Version 7.2 Gaia Dragoon MS - Tournament Limited (White) 7.3 Gaia Dragoon MS - HMS Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version (Yellow) 8 Overall Languages: English|français|italiano Name Change Gaia Dragoon MS was released by Hasbro as Strata Dragoon MS. Bit Protector (BP): Gaia Emblem Weight: 0.6 grams Full Width: 18.17 mm Height: 6.65 mm The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is the Gaia Emblem. It is the first mold version of Bit Protectors. Attack Ring (AR): Metal Saucer Weight: 14 grams Full Width: 44.85 mm Height: 7.7 mm Metal Saucer has a very circular form, due in part to its Metal Frame which has 16 gear-like notches surrounding its perimeter. These notches, combined with its circular form, and very light weight make this AR a viable option for Spin Stealing and Survival customizations. It is considered inferior to Advance Balancer from Advance Averazer however due to the shape of its ABS Caul and the fact that a design flaw causes the Metal Frame to rattle around no matter what parts it is used with (this was fixed for Advance Balancer). Shared Metal Frame Metal Saucer shares the same Metal Frame as Advance Balancer from Advance Averazer. Use in Spin Stealing Customization Contrary to popular belief, Metal Saucer is a usable AR, but as mentioned, only use this when you do not have access to Advance Balancer. AR: Metal Saucer (Gaia Dragoon MS) WD: Circle Wide RC: Bearing Core (Wolborg MS) or Bearing Core 2 (Jiraiya MS) Select your core depending on the situation. If you expect to see more attackers and older stadiums or Tornado Balance Type S, you should select Bearing Core 2 to prevent knock out. If you expect to see Defense or Survival type Beyblades and stadiums like Tornado Balance or Tornado Attack, you should select Bearing Core as it has better survival than Bearing Core 2. Weight Disk (WD): Circle Heavy Weight: 16.3 grams Full Width: 31.65 mm Minimum Width: 29.85 mm Height: 6.5 mm See Circle Heavy. Running Core (RC): Flat Core Weight: 1.5 grams Full Width: 1.20 mm Height: 5.12 mm Flat Core was one of the first Attack-based Running Cores released, but quickly became severely outdated with the release of Dragoon MS and its Grip Flat Core. It provides decent movement, but there is absolutely no reason to choose it over the numerous other options available now (Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version), Metal Flat Core, Metal Weight Grip Core, etc). Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Tournament limited white Gaia Dragoon MS Other Versions Gaia Dragoon MS - 5 Saint Beasts Booster (Proto Grey) Gaia Dragoon MS - Tournament Limited (White) Gaia Dragoon MS - HMS Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set (Yellow) Gaia Dragoon MS - Campaign Limited (Silver) Gaia Dragoon MS - Tournament Limited (Gold) Gaia Dragoon MS - Beyblade Fukobako 2004 Version (Black) Gaia Dragoon MS - Tournament Limited (Light Blue) Gaia Dragoon MS - Tournament Limited (Gold Plated) Gaia Dragoon MS - Campaign Limited (Pure White) Gaia Dragoon MS - Tournament Limited (Silver) Gaia Dragoon MS - (Brown) Gallery Gaia Dragoon MS - Regular Version Sticker sheet Gaia Dragoon MS Gaia Dragoon MS side view Gaia Dragoon MS bottom view Metal Saucer Metal Saucer, Metal Frame pictured Metal Saucer with Metal Frame detached Flat Core Gaia Dragoon MS - Tournament Limited (White) Gaia Dragoon MS White Gaia Dragoon MS White bottom view Gaia Dragoon MS - HMS Twin Battle Bey Double Shooter Set Version (Yellow) Gaia Dragoon MS Yellow Gaia Dragoon MS Yellow bottom view Overall Even though Gaia Dragoon MS was one of the very first HMS to be released, but is still very easily obtained, so it has very little collectible value. Its parts are also severely outdated in all respects. There is no reason to buy Gaia Dragoon MS. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Gaia_Dragoon_MS&oldid=13506"
