Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Number: BB-70 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: Pegasis 2 Clear Wheel: Pegasis II 3 Metal Wheel: Galaxy 4 Track: Wing 105 5 Bottom: Right Rubber Flat 5.1 Mold Variations 5.2 Mold 1 (Takara-Tomy/Sonokong) 5.3 Mold 2 (Original Hasbro release) 5.4 Mold 3 (Hasbro GanGan Galaxy Set Release) 5.5 Use in Attack Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F (regular) 7.2 Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Gold (model A) 7.3 Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Silver (model A) 7.4 Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Bronze (model A) 7.5 Galaxy Pegasis GB145MS Black Hole Ver. 7.6 Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Deck Entry Set Ver 7.7 Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Triple Battle Set Ver 8 Overall 9 External Links Face: Pegasis The Face on this Beyblade depicts a Pegasus, one of the 88 constellations in space. Clear Wheel: Pegasis II Weight: 3.1 grams Pegasis II depicts the wings and heads of Pegasis, much like the previous Pegasis Clear Wheel. On each of the wings shows the letters P-E-G-I, short for Pegasis, in a red color. Metal Wheel: Galaxy Weight: 29.4 grams Much like Pegasis and Storm, Galaxy's main shape consists of three rounded, wing-like forms intended to depict the wings of Pegasis, and each wing has two separate protrusions. There are four indented separations on each wing, complimented by three curved ridges on the top and five small spikes on the bottom. Each of the undersides are hollow, making Galaxy very light. Though Galaxy has a very violent appearance, in actual battle it is very restrained; it is unable to deliver a great amount of Smash even at high speeds, primarily because of its light weight and rounded protrusions. As such, Galaxy is easily outclassed by other Attack Wheels of its time and not recommended to be used competitively. Track: Wing 105 Weight: 1.2 grams Wing 105, or W105, consists of two curved wing-like fins that slant downwards, similar to DF145. The main purpose of this Track is to push air upwards to provide extra Stamina, but the effect this Track produces is negligible, therefore it has as much competitive value as a regular 105 track. W105 should only be used in the absence of 85, 90, and 100 in both Stamina and Attack customizations. Bottom: Right Rubber Flat Weight: 0.8 grams Right Rubber Flat, shortened to R²F, is?competitively speaking?the most vital part of this Beyblade. R²F is very similar to RF, and is an overall upgraded version of it. R²F consists of six curved rubber spikes that face to the right intended predominantly for use in right-spin combos. This new design creates more traction with the stadium floor, causing it to move more quickly than its predecessor, RF. However, its stamina is decreased due to the increase in speed and friction compared to the original RF. This also means an R²F will wear down faster than an RF. Since this is a rubber Attack Bottom, a new R²F is harder to control than a new RF, mainly because it moves much faster. This makes RF a good choice for controllability and stamina, while R²F is a better choice for speed and power. Like RF however, it is essential to wear the rubber of R²F before competitive use, as this allows the Beyblade to spin into a "flower pattern" more easily. A clear sign that shows when an R²F is in its prime is when the indented lines that form a star shape inside R²F's perimeter are nearly gone. Mold Variations Throughout the course of its release, each company (Takara-Tomy, Sonokong, Hasbro) has released its own mold of R²F which revolved around the different placement of a 'bar' on the inside of the tip, (a lack thereof) which seem to be made at random. Mold 1 (Takara-Tomy/Sonokong) This mold contains a thick bar in the middle of the tip, securing the Rubber of R²F. Mold 2 Mold 2 (Original Hasbro release) Mold 2 has no bar in the middle, yet a space for one which in reality provides no support for the Rubber tip. This mold is known to be very shaky. Mold 3 Mold 3 (Hasbro GanGan Galaxy Set Release) What this release provided was a quasi-barred R²F which has 2 separated bars in the middle, as usual, but are not actually connected at the center. Regardless, these bars succeed in keeping the rubber in place, unlike in Mold 2. Use in Attack Customization R²F can be utilized in any situation where RF would be used to increase overall speed and power. MF Blitz Unicorno CH120R²F is a great example of this; Blitz has zero Stamina, so it must always aim for a KO as quickly as possible. The additional speed and power of R²F can help to accomplish this. Other Versions Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F ? BB-75 Deck Entry Set (Turquoise Green) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F ? BB-76 Galaxy Pegasis DX Set (Clear Ver.) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F ? WBBA 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Place Prizes (Gold, Silver, Bronze) Galaxy Pegasis GB145MS Black Hole Ver. - CoroCoro Lottery Limited Edition (Black) Hasbro relased this version under the name "Black Sun Galaxy Pegasus" in a redemption campaign. At the purchase of three valid Beyblades from Hasbro, residents of the United States of America were able to send in the receipts as well as a redemption form and automatically get the recolour of Galaxy Pegasus until supplies lasted. The campaign went from March 1st 2012 to April 30th 2012. In Hasbro's own words, this recolour released by them is "valued at $4.99." Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F ? BB-92 Booster (Clear Ver.) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Hasbro: Triple Battle Set (Opaque Sky Blue Clear Wheel, Red Metal Wheel) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Faceoff: StarBooster Attack (Dark Red with Blue Details) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Hasbro: Ultimate Gift Set (Opaque Light Blue) Galaxy Pegasis - WBBA Exclusive Color Ver., Grade 4 1st-place prize (Black with silver highlights) Gallery Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F (regular) Galaxy Pegasis Front view Galaxy Pegasis Underside Galaxy Pegasis Side view Pegasis II Clear Wheel Pegasis II Clear Wheel Side view Galaxy Metal Wheel Galaxy Metal Wheel Underside Wing 105 Wing 105 Bottom view Wing 105 Side view R²F bottom view R²F top view R²F Side view Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Gold (model A) Galaxy Pegasis Gold top view Galaxy Pegasis Gold underside view Pegasis II Clear Wheel (clear and gold) Galaxy Metal Wheel (silver) Wing 105 Track (gold) R²F (gold) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Silver (model A) Galaxy Pegasis Silver top view Galaxy Pegasis Silver underside view Pegasis II Clear Wheel (clear and silver) Galaxy Metal Wheel (silver) Wing 105 Track (silver) Right Rubber Flat Bottom (silver) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Bronze (model A) Galaxy Pegasis Bronze top view Galaxy Pegasis Bronze underside view Pegasis II Clear Wheel (clear and bronze) Galaxy Metal Wheel (silver) Wing 105 Track (bronze) Right Rubber Flat Bottom (bronze) Galaxy Pegasis GB145MS Black Hole Ver. Galaxy Pegasis Black Hole Ver. top view Galaxy Pegasis Black Hole Ver. underside view Pegasis II Clear Wheel Black Hole Ver. Galaxy Metal Wheel (gold) Gravity Bowl Track (black) Metal Sharp Bottom (black) Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Deck Entry Set Ver Front view Underside view W105 R²F Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F - Triple Battle Set Ver Front view Underside view W105 R²F Overall The only notable part of this Beyblade?R²F?more than makes up for the other lackluster and outclassed parts. It is essentially an upgraded version of RF in terms of speed and power, and considered to be better for most situations. Because R²F tends to wear down over time, every Blader should own multiples of this Beyblade. External Links Hasbro Black Sun Galaxy Pegasus Redemption Campaign Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Galaxy_Pegasis_W105R²F&oldid=13433"
