Galeon - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Galeon From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Galeon Number: A-3 System: 5-Layer Type: Balance Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): War Lion 1.1 Use in Survival/Zombie Customization 1.2 Use in Defense + Survival Customization 1.3 Use in Defense Customization 1.4 Use in Compact Customization 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Heavy 3 Blade Base (BB): SG Semi-Flat 4 Other Versions 5 Gallery 5.1 Galeon - Original Version 5.2 BBA Balancer 5.3 Galeon Phantom Force Version 5.4 Galeon - Blue Version 6 Overall Attack Ring (AR): War Lion Weight: 6 grams The AR of Galeon, War Lion, is the prized part of this Beyblade. Although one of the earliest released ARs, it still sees major use years after its release. This AR has both great Defense and Survival properties. Because the AR is so small, it has a tendency to have a high Spin Velocity, which is perfect for Defense types. However, this AR's Survival properties are the most important. The AR is almost perfectly round, which gives it great endurance because there are very few points of contact at which the Recoil would be strong. However, the true secret to War Lion's Survival capability is in its S-AR. When War Lion is hit and the free-spinning S-AR recieves the hit, the Beyblade will recieve almost no damage. This is because when the S-AR is hit, only the free-spinning S-AR is hit with the opposing force, while the rest of the Beyblade continues to spin unhindered. A downside is that it breaks easily. Use in Survival/Zombie Customization As mentioned above, War Lion has great Survival potential due to its round shape and free-spinning S-AR. The small projections protruding from War Lion can also steal spin effectively. The round shape of the AR will not interfere with life after death. You can make a great Survival-type combo with War Lion. Here is an example: AR: War Lion (Galeon) S-AR: War Lion (Galeon) WD: Wide Survivor SG: Left SG (Bearing Version) (Wolborg) SG Shaft: Bearing Base (Metal Dragoon Bearing Stinger) BB: Defense Grip Base 2 (Wolborg 2) Use in Defense + Survival Customization Although War Lion has great Survival potential, its Defense ability is strong as well. To outspin an Attack type Beyblade, you need good Defense. Here is an example combo that can be used to beat an Attack Beyblade: AR: War Lion (Galeon) S-AR: War Lion (Galeon) WD: Wide Defense SG: Left SG (Bearing Version 2) (Wolborg 2) BB: Defense Grip Base 2 (Wolborg 2) Use in Defense Customization As discussed above, War Lion has great Defense potential due to its round, small shape. This shape results in a higher Spin Velocity. Also, the Sub-AR can prevent powerful Recoil. You can make a great Defense-type combo with War Lion. Here is an example: AR: War Lion (Galeon) S-AR: War Lion (Galeon) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo-Right Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger) BB: SG Metal Ball Base (Draciel S) Use in Compact Customization War Lion has a round and small shape. Because of this, it can achieve a high Spin Velocity. While this is good for Defense combos, it is also good for Compact combos. Here is an example: AR: War Lion (Galeon) S-AR: War Lion (Galeon) WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo Right SG Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger) BB: SG Semi-Flat As you will notice, this combo is the same basic concept as an uncustomized Galeon. However, it improves on the most basic functions to produce a great Beyblade. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Heavy See Eight Heavy. Blade Base (BB): SG Semi-Flat See SG Semi-Flat. Other Versions BBA Balancer Galeon - Phantom Force Version (Transparent Purple) Galeon - Random Booster 4 Version (Transparent Black) Galeon - Red Version Galeon - Tournament Prize (White) Galeon - Painting Kit Version (Clear) Galeon - Gold Limited Edition with Alternate Sticker Galeon - Blue Version Galeon - Tournament Prize (Silver) Galeon - Tournament Prize (Orange) Gallery Galeon - Original Version War Lion Attack Ring without S-AR War Lion Sub-Attack Ring Galeon's WD, SG and BB Top view 3/4 view Side view Bottom view BBA Balancer BBA Balancer top view BBA Balancer underside view BBA Balancer's Attack Ring Attack Ring underside view Sub-Attack Ring top view Sub-Attack Ring underside view BBA Balancer's Weight Disk BBA Balancer's Blade Base BBA Balancer's Spin Gear Inside of BBA Balancer's Blade Base BBA Balancer's Blade Base side view Galeon Phantom Force Version Galeon Phantom Force Version top view Galeon Phantom Force Version underside view Galeon Phantom Force Version's Attack Ring Attack Ring underside view Sub-Attack Ring top view Sub-Attack Ring underside view Galeon Phantom Force Version's Blade Base Galeon Phantom Force Version's Spin Gear Inside of Galeon Phantom Force Version's Blade Base Galeon Phantom Force Version's Blade Base side view Galeon - Blue Version Galeon Blue Version Upper View Galeon Blue Version Parts Galeon Blue Version Bottom View War Lion (Blue Version) with S-AR War Lion (Blue Version) Galeon Blue Version 2/3 View Overall Galeon is undoubtedly a great Beyblade, and can even be used to decent effect uncustomized. It is undeniable the main draw is War Lion, the individual parts of which both perform well in any Defense or Survival custom. However, the Sub AR gimmick adds relatively little to War Lion's performance, and as such Galeon lacks anything significant to raise it above the numerous other Beyblades with Attack Rings which serve the same purpose, such as Driger S and Metal Dranzer ? the former of which comes with a more useful Blade Base and the latter which is often available for relatively cheap prices. This Beyblade is not a must-have, but it is nevertheless a welcome addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Galeon&oldid=12764"
