Galman - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Galman From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Galman Number: A-10 System: 5-Layer Type: Defense Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): War Monkey 1.1 Use in Defense Customizations 1.2 Use in Survival Customizations 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Heavy 3 Blade Base (BB): SG Sharp 4 Other Versions 5 Gallery 5.1 Galman - Original Version 5.2 Galman - Hyperblades Version 6 Overall Attack Ring (AR): War Monkey Weight: 6 grams War Monkey contains two parts: a main AR and the Sub-AR. The main AR is characterized by four small projections. These projections do not protrude much and posses little offensive power, but allow for low recoil. The main strength of this AR comes from its harmony with the Sub-AR which is identical in shape to the Main AR. This means that the shape of War Monkey is that of a full circle enhancing many of its current defense attributes. Since it is free-spinning the Sub-AR acts as a shock absorber and allows the beyblade to take harder hits whilst reducing recoil and KO?s, making it is a very good choice for Defense customizations. The circular shape and free spinning attributes also allow War Monkey to have some spin stealing ability giving it some use in Survival customizations. Whilst a powerful AR; it is important to note that it falls short in many areas when directly compared to the top contender in this category: War Lion (Galeon). Use in Defense Customizations In a Defense customization War Monkey's circular shape helps reduce recoil. It pairs well with a defensive BB and WD. AR: War Monkey S-AR: War Monkey WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Right SG Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger) BB: SG Metal Ball Base (with 4 balls) (Draciel S) Use in Survival Customizations War Monkey also possesses some spin stealing attributes due to it's design, making it a viable alternative for Survival combos. AR: War Monkey S-AR: War Monkey WD: Wide Defense SG: Left SG (Bearing Version 2) (Wolborg 2) BB: Defense Grip Base 2 (Wolborg 2) Weight Disk (WD): Eight Heavy See Eight Heavy. Blade Base (BB): SG Sharp See SG Sharp. Other Versions BBA Survivor Galman - A-66 Paint Kit Version (White) Galman - Metal Master Version (Metallic Purple) Galman - Hyperblades Version (Green and Black) Galman - Random Booster 4 Version (Transparent Purple) Galman - Random Booster 5 Version (Light Grey) Galman - Random Booster 5 Version (Yellow) Galman - Random Booster 5 Version (Brown) Galman - Random Booster 6 Version (Grey) Galman - Random Booster 6 Version (Green) Galman - Random Booster 7 Version (Red-Brown) Galman - Random Booster 7 Version (Green) Gallery Galman - Original Version Galman top view Galman 3/4 view Galman side view Galman bottom view War Monkey War Monkey Attack Ring War Monkey Sub-Attack Ring Right Spin Gear SG Sharp Base SG Sharp Base 3/4 view Sticker sheet Galman - Hyperblades Version Galman Hyperblades Version Overall Galman?s War Monkey is bested in many categories by the more popular War Lion, found on Galeon, but is a useful part and is a viable option for Defense and Survival customizations when War Lion is not an option. It is a beyblade worth owning for those with an affinity to defensive style Beyblades, collectors, or for those unable to get Galeon. Not a must-own, but still a good blade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Galman&oldid=12474"
