Gekiryu-oh - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gekiryu-oh From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Gekiryu-oh Number: 4 System: 4-Layer Type: Balance Contents 1 Colour Variation 2 Attack Ring (AR): Wing Cross 2.1 Use in First Generation Zombies 2.2 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 3 Weight Disk (WD): Wide 4 Blade Base (BB): Semi-Flat Base 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 7 Overall Colour Variation Takara released this Beyblade in clear light-blue, while the Hasbro release had some copying the Takara release while others used opaque light-blue plastic. Attack Ring (AR): Wing Cross Weight: 5 grams Wing Cross is a strong AR because of its extremely evenly distributed weight, thin size, and smooth edges. It was previously commonly used among zombies/spin-stealers before becoming outclassed by other ARs, such as Galeon's War Lion or Driger S's Tiger Defenser. Despite this, Wing Cross did not become obsolete. Bistool's Wing Cross stayed popular in the 10bBistool combo, and also in some compact combos. This AR has many uses in balance and survival type combos. Use in First Generation Zombies Wing Cross was used as an AR in first generation zombies (that is, before the S Series was released). It was used because of its balanced weight distribution, thin design, and because its projections (the attack spikes protruding from the AR) could be used to steal spin, as they extended just beyond the reach of the Wide Survivor WD. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations The mold variation of the Wing Cross AR is what makes it such a popular choice. While the Takara version of Bistool, Gekiryu-oh and Frostic Dranzer, along with the Hasbro older versions of Gekiryu-oh and Frostic Dranzer have thin spikes, the ends of Hasbro Bistool's, Frostic Dranzer's (new mold), and Gekiryu-oh's (new mold) spikes have been connected to the center of the AR, supposedly to prevent breaking. Because of this, Wing Cross's AR's new mold has become a far more popular choice than the older mold. If you wish to see combinations using Bistool's Wing Cross, please see the Bistool article. Weight Disk (WD): Wide See Wide (WD). Blade Base (BB): Semi-Flat Base See Semi-Flat Base. Other Versions Bistool Frostic Dranzer Gallery New mold Gekiryu-oh Wing Cross New Mold Gekiryu-oh Top View Overall While Wing Cross, in particular the less recoil-prone if more fragile and more difficult-to-find first mold, is unparalleled for Right Spin Survival and an excellent Attack Ring overall, Semi-Flat Base decent if outclassed by Zombie setups and Gekiryu-Oh's performance after a simple Weight Disk swap highly commendable, the availability of cheaper and sometimes more versatile alternatives such as Driger S and Roller Defenser means that it short of being a must have. It is also worth noting that compared to Bistool and Frostic Dranzer, the other two Wing Cross Beyblades, Gekiryu-Oh is the least effective uncustomized due to the light weight and recoil issues created by its Wide Weight Disk. This Beyblade is not a must-have, but it is nevertheless a welcome addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Gekiryu-oh&oldid=13473"
