Gemios DF145FS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gemios DF145FS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gemios DF145FS Number: BB-26 System: Metal System Type: Balance Contents 1 Face: Gemios 2 Wheel: Gemios 3 Track: Down Force 145 3.1 Use in Stamina Customization 4 Bottom: Flat Sharp 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 7 Overall Face: Gemios The Face depicts Gemini, the Twins, and is the third astrological sign in the Zodiac. Wheel: Gemios Weight: 36 grams The Gemios Wheel has a smooth, thick, two winged design. Each wing on Gemios ends with a slightly sloped, rounded edge. Both wings do provide some adequate Smash Attack, but it is somewhat effective early in the battle while retaining a high spin rate. Finally, the gap between Gemios's wings causes too much recoil, taking away any possible stamina and defensive ability. Gemios has been completely outclassed for a long time when compared to other top-tier Attack Wheels. There is no reason to use this Wheel in a competitive situation. Track: Down Force 145 Weight: 1.5 grams Full Width: 21.53 mm Height: 14.50 mm DF145 has four upward facing wings protruding from the top of the Track, which aside from giving it extra weight are meant to push air downwards. It is on par with 145, while AD145 is superior by a small margin when used in Stamina combinations. Use in Stamina Customization If the aforementioned parts aren't accessible, DF145 can still be put to good use in the custom, Scythe Kronos DF145WD. Bottom: Flat Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: mm Tip Width: mm Full Height: mm Tip Height: mm Sharp Tip Angle: 40° FS features a flat tip with a smaller, sharper tip in the center. As a result, when launched at a straight angle, the Beyblade spins on this sharp tip, with very little movement. However, when tilted, either from the contact of an opposing Beyblade or from the launch, the Bottom moves in an offensive pattern. However, it suffers from the same problems as other Balance Bottoms, in that the two qualities are compromised, resulting in mediocre performance in both fields. Overtime, it was shown that FS has use in customs meant to destabilize the opponent, but this use is negligible. Other Versions No other versions of this Beyblade were released. Gallery Gemios DF145FS Gemios DF145FS side view Gemios top view Gemios bottom view DF145 FS Overall Gemios has some moderate smash ability, and was once good for an early KO. However, the game has evolved greatly since that time and Gemios can no longer overcome the increased weight and more aggressively designed nature of its contemporaries like VariAres and Blitz. DF145, although good, is outclassed. Finally, FS is a relatively useless part; a fact that isn't changed through it's ability to destabilize. Gemios DF145FS contains no highly desirable parts for competitive use, and should be bought for collection purposes only. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Gemios_DF145FS&oldid=13385"
