Gladiator Bahamdia SP230GF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gladiator Bahamdia SP230GF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization This article is a stub! The next step is to write detailed reviews of the parts' performances based on extensive testing. To this end, please post a draft in The Beywiki Project forum. This article cannot be edited without approval past this point. Gladiator Bahamdia SP230GF Number: BBG-27 System: Beyblade Zero-G Type: Balance Element: God Contents 1 Stone Face: Bahamdia 2 Chrome Wheel: Bahamdia 3 Crystal Wheel: Gladiator 4 Track: Spike 230 5 Bottom: Giga Flat 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Gladiator Bahamdia SP230GF - Original Version 8 Overall Stone Face: Bahamdia Weight: 1.2 grams This diamond-shaped Face illustrates a Bahamut. The drawing is inspired from the Begirados Face mark since Bahamdia is its evolution in the Metal Fight Beyblade Zero-G manga, while being a slightly less menacing version. Chrome Wheel: Bahamdia Weight: 29.35 grams Bahamdia resembles a reinforced Gargole Chrome Wheel: the demonic head is however positioned at the top of the circumference and the Crystal Wheel's orb protrudes at the bottom, between vague claws. Its relief is created by silky segments forming rounded rectangles as well as few sharp stops indicating horns or wings. This Chrome Wheel's design seems rather inflated at the top compared to the bottom half. Crystal Wheel: Gladiator Weight: 5.37 grams Shaped very symmetrically, Gladiator simply illustrates four half-length swords circling its design, meeting in pairs at their tips. The overall shape created is four-sided, with rather abrupt edges. Track: Spike 230 Weight: 7.45 grams SP230 resembles a BD145 Track with the latter's protrusions made longer and necessarily facing downwards. Its disk consequently extends far along the Chrome Wheel's length, easily equalling, and it has four "claw-shaped" protrusions which are meant to control speed. Bottom: Giga Flat Weight: 0.74 grams Pronounced "Guee-gah Flat", this Bottom is a bolder, larger and slightly taller version of the XF tip. It notably does not have the plastic lines on its side, like the Extreme Flat Bottom has. Other Versions Gallery Quarter side view Original sketch for Bahamdia, 1 Original sketch for Bahamdia, 2 Original sketch for Bahamdia, 3 Original sketch for Gladiator SP230 Track GF Bottom Gladiator Bahamdia SP230GF - Original Version Gladiator Bahamdia top view Gladiator Bahamdia 3/4 view Gladiator Bahamdia side view 1 Gladiator Bahamdia side view 2 Gladiator Bahamdia bottom view Gladiator Bahamdia (Crystal Up) top view Gladiator Bahamdia (Crystal Up) 3/4 view Gladiator Bahamdia (Crystal Up) side view 1 Gladiator Bahamdia (Crystal Up) side view 2 Gladiator Bahamdia (Crystal Up) bottom view Bahamdia top view Bahamdia bottom view Gladiator top view Gladiator bottom view Spike 230 top view Spike 230 bottom view Spike 230 3/4 top view Spike 230 3/4 bottom view Giga Flat Giga Flat 3/4 view Overall Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Gladiator_Bahamdia_SP230GF&oldid=12450"
