Grand Capricorne 145D - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Grand Capricorne 145D From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Grand Capricorne 145D 150px Number: B-134 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Defense Contents 1 Face: Capricorne 2 Clear Wheel: Capricorne 3 Metal Wheel: Grand 4 Track: 145 5 Bottom: Defense 5.1 Use in Stamina Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Face: Capricorne The Face illustrates Capricorn, the tenth astrological sign in the Zodiac. This Seagoat is depicted as having six horns. Hasbro's version of the Face mark in its Fury Capricorn release omits the word "CAPRICORNE" on the banner at the bottom of this animal. Clear Wheel: Capricorne Weight: 2.9 grams The Capricorne Clear Wheel is quite angular, representing two goat heads, tailed by long, banded horns, and another two small Spikes separating each head from the other's horns. While not a particularly useful part, the angular design can allow for some added Smash Attack, and if one has no better Clear Wheels, it can be a decent choice for such customizations, as long as it does not obscure the Metal Wheel's contact points. This first release of Capricorne is a clear Bright Orange. Metal Wheel: Grand Weight: 29.3 grams Grand is an intriguing Metal Wheel; it's thicker than Earth at the thickest point on its interconnected, smooth design. However, it is not as successful defensively, as it is 3.5 grams lighter than the second mold of Earth. On the Grand Metal Wheel there are six "walls" and with every two walls there is a gap dividing them into three sections. In each section there is a wall with small textured indents; this creates some Recoil, which is never a plus for a Defense-oriented Wheel. Because of this, it does have some Smash Attack, but it is mediocre and is completely outclassed by the multitude of other great Attack-based Wheels available, such as Flash, VariAres, and Blitz. Track: 145 Weight: 1.47 grams Full Width: 20 mm Minimum Width: 18 mm Height: 14.50 mm 145, along with its variants (C145, DF145, etc.), was once the highest Track available, until the 230 Track was released with Flame Byxis. It can be used in Stamina customs to great effect due to its tall height, which allows for more wobbling as the Beyblade loses its spin velocity. However, gimmick-paired Tracks like BD145 have immensely outclassed their original bare variant, on top of several taller gimmick Tracks surpassing 145 as well against heavy, mid-height Attackers. Even in Stamina battles, 145 does not offer enough balance: Tracks like AD145 and W145 provide a good center of gravity, and aid with a slight downforce to maintain stability. Bottom: Defense Weight: 1 gram This is a Defense Bottom, which acts as a wider version of a Sharp Bottom. When hit by an opponent, a Beyblade with this Bottom will have lessened recoil and will recover from attacks more efficiently than a Sharp Tip. D can be used effectively in Stamina combos that are at the 170 height or higher. Use in Stamina Customization D can be put to use in combos such as Phantom Cancer 230D or Phantom Cancer TH170D. D is a superior choice for 230 because it retains balance more easily than WD. Other Versions Dark Capricorne 105RF ? Hybrid Wheel Reshuffle Set (Attack & Balance) (Purple) Flame Capricorne T125HF ? Random Booster Vol.4 Mirage Virgo (Grey Brown) Rock Capricorne T125D ? Random Booster Vol.4 Mirage Virgo (Light Grey) Screw Capricorne 90MF - BB-92 Booster (Blue) Storm Capricorne M145Q - BB-50 Starter (Pink) Fury Capricorne 100HF - Hasbro Legend Series Starter (Orange) Storm Capricorne M145Q - Hasbro Lightning Screwdiver Faceoff Set (Gold horns) Gallery Overall Grand is a mediocre defensive Metal Wheel, and therefore is outclassed by many other Metal Wheels such as Duo and Death for low-recoil Defense, and for weight-based Defense, any basic Synchrom combo will do. The Capricorne Clear Wheel is nothing special, and W145 as well as AD145 can easily be chosen over 145 for Stamina combos. The only reason to buy this Beyblade is for the D tip for its synergy with the 230 Track, which can be obtainable by numerous other means. Considering that Grand Capricorne is only obtainable in the Team Excalibur special pack released by Hasbro, which is unnecessary to purchase if one already owns the Gravity Perseus AD145WD and Grand Ketos T125/WD145RS included, there is little to no reason to buy this Beyblade aside from collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Grand_Capricorne_145D&oldid=12217"
