Gravity Perseus AD145WD - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gravity Perseus AD145WD From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Gravity Perseus AD145WD Number: BB-80 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Defense Contents 1 Face: Perseus 2 Clear Wheel: Perseus 3 Metal Wheel: Gravity 3.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 4 Track: Armor Defense 145 4.1 Use in Stamina Customizations 5 Bottom: Wide Defense 5.1 Use in Stamina Customizations 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Gravity Perseus S130MB White Knight Stamina Ver. 8 Overall Face: Perseus The Face depicts Perseus, one of the 88 constellations in space. Clear Wheel: Perseus Weight: 2.7 grams Perseus is unique in the sense that there is no plastic that blocks the prongs on left and right launchers from attaching, which is necessary to allow multi-directional spin. No other Clear Wheel has this ability. Also, like the Hybrid Wheel System L Drago Series, rotating the Clear Wheel 180 degrees results in different modes. It has three projections which are layed out in a triangular shape, with each end dropping over the Metal Wheel to cover it slightly. Those protrusions are actually shaped like helmets which, metaphorically, encase the red eyes of the Medusa on Gravity. These three projections allow it to shift between "Defense Mode" and "Counter Mode". Perseus is only useable with Gravity. The original release of Perseus is named "Defense Version", and features three protrusions which evenly fit into Gravity. The other releases of Perseus are named "Stamina Version" and "Attack Version". The Stamina Version has six protrusions, which cover all of Gravity's depressions widely. The Attack Version has a similar style to the Stamina Version, but each of its protrusions are shorter and straighter, allowing for more of Gravity to make contact. All three Versions can be obtained in the BB-97 set. Metal Wheel: Gravity Weight: 33.8 grams The original Gravity Metal Wheel comes painted black. Unlike other Metal Wheels, Gravity can only be used with the Perseus Clear Wheel, and there are no walls in the inner circle of it to prevent the insertion of any prongs. This combination of Perseus and Gravity allows the user to switch between four modes: Right-Spin Defense Left-Spin Defense Right-Spin Counter Left-Spin Counter This Metal Wheel demonstrates very good Smash Attack by using the six "indents" which the Clear Wheel fits into. When the protrusions of the Clear Wheel are inside the first three indents and only one of the red stickers is visible, it is in "Counter Mode", because this maximizes the surface area of the Metal Wheel, thus creating more Smash Attack. When Perseus fits into the other three indents and all three of the red stickers are visible, it is in "Defense Mode", which increases metal on plastic collisions, thus creating less Recoil. The protrusions are more prominent in right spin, and it is a great Smash Attacker when used in a combo such as MF Gravity Perseus CH120RF(Attack Version, Counter Mode). With the release of the heavier 4D-era Beys, Gravity was outclassed by a new dual-spinning wheel, VariAres. Since then, Gravity, along with Lightning, are heavily outclassed by the 4D Attack Metal Wheels like Flash, Blitz and VariAres. Gravity is also put out of use due to the release of heavy, low-Recoil Defense Metal Wheels such as Death and Duo. These low-Recoil Metal Wheels are extremely difficult to KO even with Blitz and VariAres, and have hence rendered Gravity essentially obsolete. Zero-G's heavier Synchrom possibilities effectively put Gravity Perseus out of use for good. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Gravity has been found to have three different molds. Mold One is found in TAKARA-TOMY and Hasbro Gravity Perseus/Destroyer Starters, and the others are differentiated by the sides and the definition on each. There are more bumps and curves on the side of Mold One than there are on Mold Two. Mold Two is found in most SonoKong Gravity Perseus and is smooth all around the sides, and is significantly lighter than Mold One. Its performance in all areas suffers from this weight difference. The toughest Mold to distinguish is Mold Three. It is found in BB-109 Random Booster Volume 7, and is the same shape as Mold One. Mold Three is distinguished by its heavier weight than Mold One. Track: Armor Defense 145 Weight: 2.8 grams Full Width: 28 mm Full Height: 14.50 mm Declination Angle: ~ 32° AD145 is shaped like the head of a funnel, completely round with ridges lining the sides all the way around. In fact, its shape is intended to resemble that of an armor, hence its name. Despite what the latter part of its name might suggest though, Tracks such as 230 and GB145 outclass AD145 as a defensive Track due to its relatively light weight in comparison to GB145 and its diminutive stature when compared to 230, which makes it unable it to absorb hits as 230 does. With the introduction of BD145, this Track has definitely been surpassed in Defense. However, AD145 has actually proved to be better suited for Stamina in certain cases, due to the outward weight distribution it has compared to other top tier Stamina Tracks, thus making it top-tier in this area. It is also the Track of choice for comparative Stamina testing. Use in Stamina Customizations AD145 can be used in the combo Phantom Aquario AD145WD/SD to create a top-tier Stamina-type Beyblade. Bottom: Wide Defense Weight: 0.7 gram Full Width: 15.53 mm Tip Width: 14.17 mm Full Height: 8.92 mm Tip Height: 6.75 mm Tip Angle: 40° Wide Defense, as its name implies is the widest of the "Defense" series of Bottoms (D, SD, and now WD). This brings numerous advantages, but also some disadvantages when compared to the other "Defense" Bottoms. Because of its massive width that reaches the edge of the Bottom's perimeter, it is able to wobble at a significantly larger angle for a longer period of time than D or SD, and at a much lower spin rate. This can be advantageous in many battles, particularly those between two Stamina types when they are about to topple over; however, if you happen to have a weaker shot than your opponent who is using something such as Virgo DF145SD, WDs low spin rate towards the end of the battle will make it extremely easy for the opponent to knock it completely over. This low spin rate towards the end of the battle is created because in the process of wobbling at such a large angle, more friction is made with the stadium floor, thus decreasing its Stamina. This is all avoidable however if your shot is at least as powerful as your opponent, as the extra time it is able to spin on an angle will allow you to narrowly out-spin your D or SD based opponent. WD although part of the "Defense" series of tips does not have any defensive capability because it still uses a form of sharp tip. Thus, friction with the stadium floor is decreased, which as a result makes it easier to knock around than something like RS/RSF which has much more friction with the stadium floor. WD does of course offer superior Stamina to RS/RSF which in rare cases would be an advantage, but RS/RSF more often than not has enough Stamina to outlast standard Attack types that use rubber based tips such as RF. Use in Stamina Customizations WD can be used in the combo Phantom Cancer AD145WD for a great Stamina-type Beyblade. Other Versions Perseus White Knight Stamina Ver. - CoroCoro Beyblade World Domination Book exclusive Gallery Gravity Perseus S130MB White Knight Stamina Ver. Underside view Perseus Clear Wheel Stamina Ver. (white) Gravity Metal Wheel (silver) Gravity Metal Wheel (silver) underside view Shield 130 Track (clear) Metal Ball (clear) Overall Gravity Perseus contains parts that have both offensive and survival capabilities when used in conjunction with other parts. For example, with the purchase of this Beyblade, the user would obtain AD145 and WD, both top-tier Stamina parts. Additionally, the unique Gravity Metal Wheel and Perseus Clear Wheel match has proven in tests to be a fearsome Smash Attacker and it used to be a top-tier Attack part. It is the first dual-spin-direction Metal Fight Beyblade to be released and there are other versions of the Clear wheel which can be obtained in The BB-97 Perseus Reshuffle Set for improved but more specific use. However, Gravity Perseus offers no top-tier performance anymore with the release of heavier Wheels, regardless of its ability to spin in both directions. AD145 is great for Stamina, but W145 provides better results even. This Beyblade is a welcome addition to an already well-furnished competitive collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Gravity_Perseus_AD145WD&oldid=13444"
