HWS Metal Wheel List - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization HWS Metal Wheel List From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Contents 1 Basalt 2 Burn 3 Counter 4 Cyber 5 Dark 6 Earth 7 Flame 8 Galaxy 9 Grand 10 Hell 11 Hyper 12 Killer 13 Lightning 14 Poison 15 Ray 16 Rock 17 Sol 18 Storm 19 Thermal 20 Vulcan 21 4D - Beat 21.1 PC Frame 21.2 Core 22 4D - Blitz 22.1 Metal Frame 22.2 Core 23 4D - Death 23.1 Metal Frame 23.2 Core 24 4D - Diablo 24.1 Metal Frame 24.2 Core 25 4D - Duo 25.1 Metal Frame 25.2 Core 26 4D - Fusion 26.1 Metal Frame 26.2 Rubber Frame 26.3 Core 27 4D - Kreis 27.1 Metal Frame 27.2 Core 28 4D - Omega 28.1 Core: 28.2 Metal Frame: 29 4D - VariAres Basalt Basalt Weight: 47.52 grams Basalt is a completely circular Metal Wheel, with sets of indents distributed around its circumference and is almost cylindrical in its thickness, part of which overhangs the Track being used in conjunction with it. Basalt is a member of the Maximum Series, with its "gimmick" being "maximum weight". At the time of its release, it was the heaviest Metal Wheel ever created, even heavier and thicker than the infamous Libra. With the release of Diablo it is no longer the heaviest Metal Wheel, but Basalt's circular nature, in combination with its abnormally heavy weight, make it without a doubt one of the best Metal Wheels for Defense customizations. However, Basalt is missing a chunk of metal inside its perimeter which forms what is called the "Spiral Staircase of Death". The "Spiral Staircase of Death" was meant to neuter Basalt's incredibly high power slightly by creating an imbalance within the Wheel. While this imbalance does indeed occur, it is not a notable hindrance to its usefulness. In fact, despite the imbalance/wobbling caused by the "Spiral Staircase of Death", Basalt also has strong Stamina, although it has since been outclassed by Scythe and Phantom. The imbalance/wobbling caused by the "Spiral Staircase of Death" does contribute slightly to the recoil Basalt suffers, but again, this is not a huge hindrance to its usefulness. Beyblade: Basalt Horogium 145WD Burn Weight: 31.51 grams Burn is an almost completely circular Metal Wheel, interrupted only by two sets of wave-like ridges. The center of the Metal Wheel features a flame pattern representing the sun, which complements the Phoenix Clear Wheel. Burn's predominant characteristic is its weight distribution : the weight is concentrated on the edge of the Metal Wheel, while the center is generally hollow and light. This produces what is known as the Flywheel Effect, which is the ability for a rotating object to increase its rotational velocity with the use of its own momentum. The ridges are subject to some level of recoil, but are also capable of Smash Attack; however, the latter is not potent enough to be used effectively. Burn was once the best Stamina Metal Wheel, along with Metal System Virgo. However, it has since been outclassed by newer Metal Wheels such as Scythe and Phantom, the latter sharing many characteristics with Burn itself. Beyblade: Burn Phoenix 135MS Counter Counter Weight: 29.2 grams Counter is styled like a HWS version of the Metal System Leone. It possesses six similar mane-like projections that coronate its circumference. The gaps between the six projections are too small to provide consistent smash for a competitive Attack Customization. Counter still showcases fair Smash Attack, but unlike Leone, it lacks the same degree of recoil. This is because the projecting paws are more compact and rounded than its counterpart?s. The lowered recoil makes it a better, albeit underwhelming, choice for a defensive combo. Beyblade: Counter Leone D125B, Counter Escolpio 145D Cyber Weight: 29.5 grams The original release of Cyber is coated with red spray paint. The shape and appearance is similar to that of the original Pegasis wheel. The main shape of Cyber consists of three wing like forms. The Cyber wheel doesn't have the original Pegasis' Force Smash capbilities for one reason. The slightly jagged end of each of the three wing like forms that Cyber have would have been well suited for Force Smash, however, it was not created to be the same weight as the Pegasis wheel, but rather much lighter, therefore hindering its Attack uses completely. It is heavily outclassed by numerous other Attack based Wheels. Beyblade: Cyber Pegasis 100HF Dark Dark Weight: 31.4 grams Dark has twelve spikes facing the clockwise direction. These protrusions are closely packed together with minimal space between each, resulting in an overall round shape. This shape hinders the Metal Wheel in two ways: its protrusions are not pronounced enough to provide sufficient Smash Attack, while the perimeter is interrupted too frequently for sufficient Stamina. Additionally, its weight is distributed over too large a surface area. There is thus no reason to use Dark in any competitive situation whatsoever. Beyblade: Dark Bull H145SD, Dark Cancer CH120SF, Dark Wolf DF145FS Earth Earth (Second Mold) Weight: 33.1 grams Earth has four thick, textured wings surrounding its perimeter, with each pair facing each other on a slight incline. The space created between the wings is quite small, and the resulting effect is similar to any Wheel that has no spaces: minimal recoil. Though it is on the lighter side of Metal Wheels, its almost unperturbed circular design, and minimal recoil make it one of the best, Defense-oriented Wheel available for competitive play. However, it has since been severely outclassed by the extremely heavy Basalt. Earth has two different molds. The first mold was released in BB-47 Starter Earth Aquila 145WD, and the second in both the purple WBBA "Event Special" MF Earth Aquila 105HF/S, and SonoKong manufactured Earth Metal Wheels. However, TAKARA-TOMY has since ceased production on the first mold, thus making it a difficult part to obtain. The second mold addressed breaking problems that the original mold faced by modifying the inside of each of Earth's wings. The new mold is up to three grams heavier than the old mold (30-31 grams versus 33 grams on the new mold), which makes it significantly more effective for Defense customizations. Therefore, the new mold is the preferred choice for Defense customs using Earth, while the original mold would be the best for Stamina. Beyblade: Earth Aquila 145WD, Earth Virgo GB145BS Flame Flame Weight: 32.5 grams The Metal Wheel Flame was first released with Flame Sagittario C145S. It is predominantly circular, with two small spikes and two additional smaller gaps on its circumference. The Wheel is relatively thin throughout, with the very edge of the Wheel being slightly thicker. Due to the design of Flame where the Wheel?s perimeter is raised slightly, more of the Track below is exposed compared to other Wheels, hence making it easier for other Beyblades to strike its Track. This significantly reduces its Defense capabilities. Beyblade: Flame Libra T125ES, Flame Sagittario C145S, Flame Byxis 230WD Galaxy Galaxy Weight: 29.4 grams Much like Pegasis and Storm, Galaxy's main shape consists of three rounded, wing-like forms intended to depict the wings of Pegasis, and each wing has two separate protrusions. There are four indented separations on each wing, complimented by three curved ridges on the top and five small spikes on the bottom. Each of the undersides are hollow, making Galaxy very light. Though Galaxy has a very violent appearance, in actual battle it is very restrained; it is unable to deliver a great amount of Smash even at high speeds, primarily because of its light weight and rounded protrusions. As such, Galaxy is easily outclassed by other Attack Wheels of it its time and not recommended to be used competitively. Beyblade: Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Grand Grand Weight: 29.3 grams Grand is an intriguing wheel; it's thicker than Earth at the thickest point on its interconnected, smooth design. However, it is not as successful defensively, as it is 3.5 grams lighter than the second mold of Earth. On the Grand wheel there are six ?walls? and with every two walls there is a gap dividing them into three sections. In each section there is a wall with small textured indents; this creates some recoil which is never a plus for a Defense-oriented Wheel. Because of this, it does have some Smash Attack, but it is mediocre and is completely outclassed by the multitude of other great Attack-based Wheels available, such as VariAres. Beyblade: Grand Ketos T125/WD145RS Hell Hell Weight: 39.6 grams Hell was first released in a radiant gold colour. As a part of the Maximum Series, it had the largest diameter of any Metal Wheel ever released. However, Big Bang has since been shown to have an equal diameter. Hell is split into three different wings which are shaped to represent the Three-Headed Dog, Kerberos, and between each of them is a large gap allowing BD145's protrusions (while in Boost Mode) to point upwards past the bottom of the Metal Wheel. On the side of each wing are four indents which, in addition to the end of each wing which ends in a pointed "head" for Smash Attack, increase Hell's Attack capabilities. Due to its heavy weight, its relatively high recoil is lessened by a significant amount and because of this, as listed above, in combination with BD145 (Boost Mode) it can be used effectively in Stamina customs. Beyblade: Hell Kerbecs BD145DS Hyper Weight: 28.49 grams The Hyper Metal Wheel is the HWS equivalent of Metal System Aquario. It has four main 'wings' that resemble waves of water. There is a coat of silver paint over the Metal Wheel, which is considerably more durable than normal paint, and blue paint in the center. It is hollow, lightweight, and has an abundance of Recoil that hinders its Attack to the point of having next to none. Because of this, it is severely outclassed by wheels such as VariAres, Blitz, and Beat. Like most other Metal Wheels from the Hasbro Legend Series, it cannot compare to its Metal System predecessor, though it too was outclassed in its time. Beyblade: Hyper Aquario 105F Killer Killer Weight: 31.2 grams Like its Metal System predecessor Gemios, Killer has a textured, bumpy, two-winged design that ends in two rounded edges. However, unlike its predecessor, it is considerably thinner even with a smaller amount of metal dropping below the base of the Wheel. Being so thin, the edges of each wing do not apply as much force as those of the Gemios Metal Wheel; as a result, Killer loses any of the potential Smash Attack the first incarnation had. Being so thin negates any possible defensive qualities, and though it may seem suited for Stamina, it has shown no advantage over any of the top-tier Stamina Wheels like Virgo, Burn or even Earth. Hasbro changed the name of the wheel to "Evil" to avoid being offensive. As a result, the Hasbro version is "Evil Gemios" as opposed to "Killer Gemios". Beyblade: Killer Gemios DF145FS, Killer Beafowl UW145EWD Lightning Lightning Weight: 30 grams This Wheel is characterized by its prominent Smash Attack in Upper Mode. Of the total six protrusions, three are of the ?Upper Mode? and three are of the ?Multi-Hit mode?. To switch between these modes, the Beyblade would need to be disassembled, and then the L Drago Clear Wheel rotated 180°. Of the two available modes it is widely considered that ?Upper Mode? is superior. Contrary to the name, the strength of this wheel doesn?t come from Upper Attack, but Smash Attack. Lightning does suffer from some recoil, but this problem can easily be rectified with both MF and RF. Paired with the right Track, Lightning can provide a ferocious Smash Attack. Beyblade: Lightning L Drago 100HF Poison Poison Weight: 29.8 grams Poison has fifteen rectangular protrusions on its circumference, each the same size and about 4 mm apart at the widest point. While this is not wide enough to provide useful Smash Attack, it still produces relatively large amounts of recoil, making this part useless for Defense or Stamina. Furthermore, similar to Flame, the Wheel is raised at the base, exposing the Track to opposing Beys, making it even less useful for Defense purposes. This recoil is worsened by the light weight of the Wheel, which allows it to be easily knocked around and KO'ed by opposing Beys. Due to these factors, Poison has absolutely no competitive use. Beyblade: Poison Serpent SW145SD Ray Ray Weight: 30.4 grams Ray has a relatively thin, slightly bumpy, three-winged design. Between each of these "wings" are small gaps, which allow the blunt ends of each wing to provide a small amount of Smash Attack. Additionally, along each wing there are two indents which follow the contours of the Metal Wheel; these indents are pronounced enough to provide additional Spike Attack and work in tandem with the aforementioned blunt ends of each wing. Ray's window to KO the opponent is quite small, as its Smash Attack is only prominent at the very high spin velocities found at the beginning of each battle. Ray has fallen into disuse since the introduction of RS and other rubber-based Defense Bottoms, as it has tremendous difficulty KOing such Bottoms. And, there are also numerous other Metal Wheels that outclass it, such as VariAres and Blitz. Ray has two different molds. The first mold was released in the Ray Unicorno D125CS Starter Set, and the second mold was released with the Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Version, the Ray Unicorno D125CS Booster Set, and Ray Gil 100RSF. The second mold rectifies the original mold?s breakage problems. The gaps between the second mold are slightly wider and are more rounded on the inner gaps of Ray than the original mold. This change was carried foward to all further releases of the Ray wheel, such as Hasbro's release of Ray Striker. Beyblades: Ray Unicorno D125CS, Ray Gil 100RSF Rock Rock Weight: 31.4 grams Rock has six large protrusions with small, shallow gaps between each one. It also overhangs the Track much like the original Leone Metal Wheel, although to a smaller extent. Rock as a Defense type is unable to match the qualities of Metal Wheels such as Basalt, because the shape of Rock produces a significant amount of recoil upon contact with another Wheel. As a result, Rock is an outclassed Defense Wheel. Rock is somewhat useful for Smash Attack, and can be used to relative success in conjunction with a Metal Face. Beyblade: Rock Leone 145WB, Rock Giraffe R145WB, Rock Escolpio T125JB, Rock Orso D125B Sol Weight: 31.7 grams Sol is painted a metallic red and is separated into four sections, each carrying three leaf-like spikes; each second spike features a yellow highlight for a grand total of twelve spikes. The spikes also have gaps on them from a front-side view. Sol has similarities with Dark due to the design as well as featuring twelve spikes in total. However, just like Dark, Sol is hollow and features no Attack, Defense, or Stamina potential whatsoever. However, Sol experiences less recoil than Dark due to the spikes being closely packed together. It is also available in black and yellow colors. Beyblade: Sol Blaze V145AS Storm Storm Weight: 30.4 grams The main shape of Storm consists of three wing-like forms, each with slightly jagged ends, which are used for mediocre Smash Attack. While paired with a 100 track and a Rubber Flat Bottom, Storm was once been a top tier Metal Wheel. It has since been outclassed by countless other Metal Wheels, such as Vulcan, Lightning and Blitz. Storm should not be considered for competitive use, unless there are absolutely no other available options. Beyblade: Storm Pegasis 105RF, Storm Capricorne M145Q, Storm Aquario 100HF/S Thermal Thermal Weight: 30.5 grams The Thermal Metal Wheel consists of two large wings which are pointed at their respective beginnings and ends. Thermal is largely based on the Metal System Pisces, and as such, the three notches on the Wheel are representative of a shark's gills. Although it has relatively sharp contact points, they do not protrude far out enough to provide any significant Smash Attack. The Wheel does possess moderate Stamina capabilities due to its relatively round shape, but is considered outclassed for this purpose by Earth, Burn, Scythe, Basalt and Hell. Beyblades: Thermal Pisces T125ES, Thermal Lacerta WA130HF Vulcan Vulcan Weight: 32.3 grams The Vulcan Metal Wheel has a total of two semi-circular prominences and two smaller wings painted with two red stripes that give breath to its design. Upon closer inspection, the two prominences have slight slopes that suggest the Wheel's capability of Upper Attack. Despite the fact that these sloped areas are major contact points, they do not provide Upper Attack; however, they do provide Smash Attack. Between the two prominences are the two smaller wings, which are also major contact points. Vulcan has fallen into disuse following the introduction of RS and other rubber-based Defense Bottoms, as it has a hard time KOing such bottoms. It is now heavily outclassed by other Metal Wheels such as VariAres and Blitz. Beyblade: Vulcan Horuseus 145D 4D - Beat Weight: 38.6 grams This Metal Wheel is made up of two parts. A Core, which comprises the Metal part of the Metal Wheel, and a PC Frame. PC Frame Beat PC Frame The PC Frame of this 4D Metal Wheel is the piece that acts as the primary mechanism behind its Mode Change. There are triangular designs on each side of the PC Frame resembling cat ears; the weight is mainly focused on these opposite ends of the Frame. Core Beat Core The Core of Beat could be seen as a representation of the snout of a Lynx, along with the Clear Wheel which represents its ears. There are diamond-shaped designs lining the inside of the Core that lead towards the two main protruding contact points. These protrusions produce ferocious Smash Attack, but unfortunately also create Recoil. The overarching design is similar to both Vulcan and Quetzalcoatl. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Beat features a mode changing gimmick. It works by rotating the PC Frame while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Attack Mode : In this mode, the PC Frame is aligned with the two long "wings" of the Core, exposing the two protruding contact points on each side. Defense Mode: In this mode, the PC Frame is rotated 90° so that the two heavier ends cover the two protruding contact points, creating a circular wall of sorts around the perimeter of Beat. Attack Mode is the only competitively useful mode of the two. In Defense Mode, the PC Frame unfortunately leaves a small portion of the protruding contact points exposed. And even if they were covered completely, much heavier Wheels such as Basalt would still outclass it. In Attack Mode, Beat is arguably one of the best right-spin Attack Wheels. Its best uses are in mid- and low-height Attack customizations, with mid-height being the most preferred. As a two-sided Metal Wheel, it works best with two-sided Clear Wheels such as Lynx. Beyblade: Beat Lynx TH170WD 4D - Blitz Weight: 43.72 Grams This Metal Wheel is made up of two parts. A Core, which comprises the bulk of the Metal Wheel, and a Metal Frame. Metal Frame Blitz Metal Frame Weight: 12.65 Grams The Metal Frame of this 4D Metal Wheel is the piece that acts as the primary mechanism behind its Mode Change. It has three small protrusions, which fit in with the gaps in the Core, and the protrusions are smaller than each protrusion on the Core. Core Blitz Core Weight: 31.07 grams Blitz's Core has three separate primary contact points, whereupon the metal slopes down and outward into a finer surface, creating "bumps" on the front-most portion of each wing segment. These slopes provide an advantage in the form of allowing maximum contact with the primary contact points, and often throwing the opposing Wheel slightly off balance when used on a lower Track. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Blitz features a mode changing gimmick. It works by rotating the Metal Frame while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Assault Mode Assault Attack Mode In this mode, the protrusions on each side of the Metal Frame fit against the six contact points of the Core, creating a single "Wing" on each side, forming a shape very much like Triple Wing (Trygle) from the Plastics generation. Barrage Mode Barrage Attack Mode In this mode, the amount of contact points or "Wings" is doubled from three to six by rotating the Metal Frame. However, in doing this, the length of each wing is shortened. Assault Attack Mode is usually the preferred mode of the two, as it is shown to have considerably lower amounts of Recoil, while providing more consistent contact force with it's longer, more pronounced wings. This Wheel has proven to be highly functional and is considered a top-tier right-spin Smash Attack Metal Wheel. It is one of few Smash Wheels with the ability to net a solid KO even at a low spin-velocity. However, this Wheel also suffers from extremely high recoil, and falls prey to an outstanding weakness to left-spin Attackers such as Lightning L Drago/L Drago Destroy 85/90/CH120/BD145RF/R2F/LRF. Beyblade: Blitz Unicorno 100RSF 4D - Death Weight: 43.6 grams The new gimmick introduced in this 4D Metal Wheel is that one of the two metal parts, the Metal Frame, can be flipped to form another mode. Death has no PC Frame, only metal pieces, which makes it one of the heaviest 4D Metal Wheels available. Metal Frame Death Frame - Attack The Metal Frame of this 4D Metal Wheel is the piece that acts as the primary mechanism behind its Mode Change. It has four small indents which act as a locking mechanism when placed on the Core. On the Defense side it has eight shallow slopes with a reptile-like texture and the large slopes of the Attack mode connect perfectly with the Core's. On the Attack side, as previously mentioned, there are eight significantly larger slopes each with the face of a serpent sculpted in. Core Death Core As with any other Core in 4D, this part connects the Wheel with the Track. Its design is based on wings, so the combination of the Metal Frame and the Core indeed illustrate a winged serpent, which is the representation of Quetzalcoatl. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Death features a mode changing gimmick. It works by flipping the Metal Frame on the opposite side while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Attack Mode Attack Mode If Death is set in Attack Mode, the Metal Frame shows details of several serpent heads with fangs, enhancing the term "Attack". This mode is in no way more useful than Defense Mode as it does not provide sufficient Smash Attack to be of any use in Attack Type customs, and its Recoil renders it useless when compared to Defense Mode for other areas. Defense Mode Defense Mode If the Metal Frame is completely flipped to be in Defense Mode, this other side reveals a design of serpent scales, which relates to the term "Defense" and how animals defend themselves with their back, their scales, etc. Defense Mode's top half is also sloped, which reduces Recoil and is also an uncommon trait among Metal Wheels. Defense Mode is preferred over Attack Mode in every aspect due its much smoother design, which provides much less Recoil. Death, in Defense Mode, was arguably the first to dethrone Basalt in terms of Defensive prowess: it may not have had the weight that Basalt did, but the fact that it had much, much less Recoil made it the better Metal Wheel. Without this Recoil, Death is much harder for any Attack Type to KO or for many Stamina Types to outspin, defeating most top-tier combinations in the latter category. If the unbalanced Basalt wins because it can wobble and smash away the opponent?s spin while conserving its own rather than simply absorbing shocks, the balanced Death wins by shaving, or grinding, away the opponent?s spin instead using the relief created by the Metal Wheel's designs on the sides. While Death has not necessarily outclassed Basalt, it does earn a position as a top-tier Defense Metal Wheel. Beyblade: Death Quetzalcoatl 125RDF 4D - Diablo Weight: grams Diablo is one of the heaviest Metal Wheels in the game. Following the same scheme as all of Diablo Nemesis X:D's parts, the Diablo 4D Metal Wheel integrates several Beyblades' design points. Because Kreis Cygnus was not out at the time of Diablo Nemesis's release, the latter was the one to first introduce a semi-free-spinning gimmick, and the placement of the Metal Frame in Ultimate Balance Mode was also new to the hobby. Metal Frame Diablo Metal Frame Ultimate Balance Mode - sections of mode change The main features of Diablo's Metal Frame are the three heads distributed largely along its circumference. One of them represents a lion head which is cut at the upper row of teeth. Part of its mane can be seen on each side of it. The smallest of the three heads is an engravement of of a lynx head with yellowish green eyes and two paws beside it, also cut off at its upper row of teeth. It occupies a very small height on the Metal Frame. The last head is a representation of the face that can be built with Phantom Orion in Stamina Mode. This time however, the smirk was replaced with a real snarl. Its eye stickers are blue. The biggest head is Leone's part and it has red eyes. In Attack Mode, the Metal Frame is positioned upon the Core and is fixed. The three heads on it are all on the right side to observe them. The difference in the height of each head, with the lynx one being the smallest, creates varying relief all around the Clear Wheel. In this mode, you can choose between XF or S on X:D before the beginning of the battle. When in Ultimate Balance Mode, the Metal Frame is actually flipped upside down, and placed below the Core, which was an innovation in Metal Fight Beyblade 4D. Since the Metal Frame simply rests in the space between the elevated Core and the 4D Bottom, it can rotate freely to a point: spinning on its own, the Metal Frame would not rotate independently. It is the impact of the opposing Beyblade that will make it spin semi-freely, either towards the right or towards the left depending on the spin direction of the opponent as well as its trajectory and angle of impact. Since Diablo's Metal Frame has three heads, it essentially has three positions it pauses on after each impact, and these new placements make the small pins on the top of X:D be pushed upon with varying gravity. This activates the descent of the sharp tip from X:D, completely or only half-way, or it retracts inside. Core Diablo Core The underside of Diablo's Core has the smooth trails from Scythe which allow the latter's PC Frame to rotate freely on it. For Diablo, this means that the Metal Frame can rotate relatively cleanly when in Ultimate Balance Mode. Somehow, Blitz is included in the design of this Core, however it must be within the four walls on its inner circumference which allow the insertion of the Metal Frame in Attack Mode, just like with Blitz's structure. There is also arguably a link with Death's wings, mostly in the relief of the Core when observed from the side: it follows an irregular curve. Part of Fusion was integrated in the Core as well, most likely the small jagged border on one side of the Core. One smoothly carved part of the latter might belong to Flash/Flame Sagittario's Metal Wheel too. It seems that one of its traits is also borrowed from VariAres, but more distinguishably, a dragon's head and neck full of scales can clearly be recognised on the top design of Diablo's Core just as well as Big Bang's wing which follows right after the dragon. Beyblade: Diablo Nemesis X:D 4D - Duo Weight: 42.3 grams Duo is formed of series of spirals seemingly emitted from the centre, as if they were wind gushes, again linking back to the Wind theme of the Beyblade as a whole. This 4D Metal Wheel is made up of two components: The upper half is the Metal Frame, which is the basis of the Mode change, and the Core, which supports the Metal Frame, as well as denoting the mode and playing a small part therein. Duo's gimmick is quite simply balance: in Stamina Mode, it is well balanced, and in Attack Mode, it is greatly off-balance. This mode change is done by rotating the Metal Frame 90 degrees clockwise, or 90 degrees counter-clockwise. Doing so, however, requires disassembly of the Beyblade. Metal Frame Weight: 20.7 grams Duo's Metal Frame has a completely circular perimeter, while its top side contains the main visual design of the Duo Wheel, the aforementioned spiral pattern. The most interesting aspect of the Metal Frame is how it makes the mode change work: on the underside, there is a wall only on one part, which either protrudes over one side of the Core, focusing the weight on that side of the Metal Wheel, or fits in perfectly to the side 90 degrees counter-clockwise of this, balancing out a slightly lighter section of the core, resulting in a very well-balanced Metal Wheel. Core Weight: 21.6 grams The Core is the heavier part of the Duo 4D Metal Wheel. It has eight separate sections, four raised, and four indented. The raised sections are identical, and these support the Metal Frame and have slightly jagged tops, intended to grind down opponents, though in battle, the small vertical gaps they leave do not have any noticeable effect. Attack Mode The hollowed sections are more varied. The two which are parallel to the center support are identical in their indentations, aside from one side having an engraved "A". When the walled section of the Metal Frame is placed here, it results in the imbalance which causes the aggressive and unstable movement seen in Attack Mode. Stamina Mode The parts either side of the center support are not identical: one side, the one lacking engraving, is more filled-in than any of the other indented sections, while the other, marked with an S, is the most hollowed-out of the four. When the wall of the Metal Frame is placed here, it evens out the weight discrepancy between these two points, resulting in a well balanced wheel. This is Stamina Mode. In Stamina Mode, Duo is almost perfectly circular, which, combined with the well-balanced, largely externalised weight distribution resulting from the respective orientation of the Metal Frame and Core, allows for excellent Stamina. While its weight distribution and solo spin times are not as good as Phantom, the most popular Stamina Metal Wheel, its lower Recoil means that it loses less Stamina when hit, and as a result, the Survival ability of these two Metal Wheels is almost perfectly even. They are so closely matched, in fact, that which of the two will win in a battle between otherwise identical combinations depends entirely around the weight of the two specific Duo and Phantom Metal Wheels, which is known to vary to a fairly large degree in 4D Beyblades. The near-total absence of Recoil also makes Duo arguably the best Metal Wheel for Defense Customizations, despite being noticeably lighter than Basalt, furthering its overall use. This said, due to its reliance on low Recoil rather than high weight, the weight variations observed in 4D Beyblades can result in vastly different defensive ability: an unusually light Duo (Duo Metal Wheels as light as 41 grams have been recorded) is significantly easier to knock out than one of average weight. Furthermore, to have worthwhile Defense ability, Duo Customizations must focus on maintaining grip and/or minimizing Recoil: additional weight or stamina at the cost of these results in sub-par Defensive performance, meaning common setups such as TH170CS and BD145MB are usually not worthwhile. That said, Duo is still an extremely powerful Defense wheel, and should not be underestimated. Duo's Attack Mode is far less notable: in Attack Mode, the Metal Frame sits slightly off centre, and the weight is further shifted to one side by the respective shapes of the Metal Frame and Core. While generally intended for use in Wobbling customization, the resulting off-centre balance has an effect similar to that of Storm Capricorne's M145 Track, producing aggressive movement from even the most passive tips: even Phantom Orion's Bearing Drive can take on an offensive movement pattern when used with this mode, if the combination is launched hard enough. While it is not a competitively useful gimmick, it is nonetheless quite entertaining. Beyblade: Duo Uranus 230WD 4D - Fusion Weight: 43.8 grams Fusion is the first 4D Metal Wheel to include a full rubber part. Its Metal Frame and its Rubber Frame lock in with a simple square teeth system, and the same mechanism is used for the Core. Metal Frame Weight: grams Fusion Metal Frame It is shaped like a circle with only a few reliefs in the form of bumps on the circumference. In its center ridge, there are four rectangles cut into it, which allows the Metal Frame to slide into the Core and lock well without rattling. There are also two slightly angled parts on each side of the Metal Frame which seem to complete the shape of the shields on the Hades Clear Wheel. Rubber Frame Weight: grams Fusion Rubber Frame Fusion's Rubber Frame has essentially the same shape as its Metal Frame. Its bumps slightly protrude from in between the Metal Frame's though. In Defense Mode, the Rubber Frame is on top of the Metal Frame, which helps absorb the impacts from other Beyblades. When in Balance Mode, the combination of the Rubber and Metal Frames is flipped to show the metal part on top. Its roundness helps keep balance, hence the name of the mode. Core Weight: grams Fusion Core Its Core is of a regular shape which has rectangular forms to help lock the Metal Frame and Rubber Frame onto it. This part is the only one from the Fusion 4D Metal Wheel that remains in the same position for the mode changes. Beyblade: Fusion Hades AD145SWD 4D - Kreis Weight: Kreis was meant to introduce the gimmick of a relatively free-spinning Metal Frame, but it was released after Diablo Nemesis, which shares its gimmick in one of its modes. This Metal Wheel is incredibly circular, hence its name: "kreis" means "circle" in German. Metal Frame Most of the relief on this part is present on its upper side. Two sets of protrusions line up the Metal Frame to form a sort of façade or fortification. As such, the sides represent two engraved swans, and it is their heads and their wings that protrude upward. The heads are the smallest parts and they appear on each side of the Metal Frame. Each swan's wings spread out on either side of it, and the locations where both swan's wings touch constitute the other protrusions, which extend for a bigger portion of the circumference. The space between each shape can have blue stickers applied to it. The rest of the sides of Kreis's Metal Frame have additional relief made from engraved feathers, and superficial semi-circle holes in four places. On its underside, this part is simply a hollowed circle. On its flat bottom, swirly patterns are engraved all over, and a short wall follows its circumference. In Defense Mode, the Metal Frame is partially free-spinning. In fact, this gimmick is called "sliding". It can only move back and forth for approximately 90°. On the underside of the Metal Frame are four small squares evenly placed around its inner hole. The Core also has four similar squares, and the way the Metal Frame is positioned on the Core, it can rotate freely until one of its cubes meet one of the Core's. At that point, it could only rotate in the other direction back to the next square. The Metal Frame can additionally absorb hits thanks to the free movement. This sliding is surprisingly smooth even though there are no other materials than the metal the parts are made of. As is often the case with 4D Metal Wheels, Attack Mode is accomplished by flipping the Metal Frame and placing it back on the Core in this new position. This shows the Metal Frame's underside which is still very circular and only has the even, small wall at its circumference as Attack points. The Clear Wheel is slightly more exposed in Attack Mode. The protrusions that are the heads and the wings engraved on the Metal Frame fit perfectly in the holes of the Core in this mode, which prevents it from rotating in any way. Core Kreis's Core is banal except for some shapes that are meant to embrace those of the Metal Frame's protrusions when it is in Attack Mode. Furthermore, it has four small cubes of metal in its inner part that offer a given, limited space for the Metal Frame to rotate in Defense Mode. Beyblade: Kreis Cygnus 145WD 4D - Omega Weight: 37.83 grams Omega is comprised of two parts; a Core and a Frame. It can switch between two modes, Assault and Barrage, by rotating the Frame on the Core. Core: Omega Core Weight: 25.30 grams The Core is composed of six protrusions. Three of them, each made to resemble three overlapping scales, are curved inward, and have a shallow slope. The other three, representing simplistic dragon talons, are blunt and cylindrical, but are overshadowed by the scale protrusions. The Core?s underside slightly overhangs the Track. It is also hollowed, hence its light weight. Metal Frame: Omega Metal Frame Weight: 12.53 grams The Frame consists of a simple metal ring with three wings. Two tabs of different widths, matching the sockets of the Core, are placed asymmetrically inside the Ring. This prevents the Frame from being used upside-down, as well as restricting the number of modes the Metal Wheel has. Omega's modes, Assault and Barrage, are distinguished as followed: Assault Mode: In Assault Mode, the Frame is positioned as to cover the gap between the talon and the scale protrusions. Barrage Mode: In Barrage Mode, the Frame completely covers the scale protrusions. Assault Mode Barrage Mode Omega is definitely shaped for Attack, but it is not designed as aggressively as other 4D Attack wheels like VariAres or Blitz. This has both advantages and disadvantages, but in Omega?s case, in the current Metagame, it is mostly a disadvantage In many ways, Omega is similar to Lightning; both have six relatively smooth wings, and the the main advantage for both is their low Recoil when compared to top-tier Attack wheels both old and new. The lower Recoil gives the potential for a larger window to KO opponents. However, in Omega's case, it doesn?t have the Stamina which Lightning inherently had through it's ability to spin steal to complement that attribute. It also does not possess the same raw Attack potential, or the weight, that the current top-tier wheels have. This brings the main disadvantage; its opponents. Where the current Attack wheels have extremely aggressive shapes, the current Defense wheels are heavy and extremely circular, making Omega's modest protrusions less effective, and its light weight more detrimental. The result is that standing between two extremes, Omega requires perfection, in both technique and power/strength, to be remotely effective. In a competitive environment, Flash, VariAres and Blitz are a much more reliable choice. Beyblade: Omega Dragonis 85XF 4D - VariAres Weight: 43.6 grams VariAres is unarguably the most aggressively designed Wheel ever released in MFB, and is the second Metal Wheel capable of spinning in both Left and Right Spin (the first being Gravity Perseus). It has a relatively thick, wide three-winged design. Each wing ends in an abrupt, sharp point that provides intense Smash Attack in both spin directions. In addition to this, along each wing there are six indents of varying size that provide Spike Attack which works in tandem with the sharp Smash Attack points on the ends of each wing. However, while VariAres' attack power may be high, it does suffer from huge amounts of recoil because it is so aggressively designed. This can make VariAres a risky Wheel to use in some respects, but as the game has evolved, lighter, more compact Attack Wheels such as Lightning have become harder and harder to use effectively without the assistance of something like BD145. VariAres can backfire due to its recoil, but it does not need the width and weight of BD145 to be effective. Between each wing is a large gap. Fitted in between these gaps is a yellow PC Frame, that protrudes outwards in a triangular shape as far as the Metal Frame. Unlike other 4D Beyblades, VariAres' PC Frame is built in conjunction with the Metal Frame. On the bottom side of the Metal Wheel where the mechanism that controls the plastic wings release are located, there is cover of a hard plastic sheet. When VariAres is spinning at high spin speeds, the PC Frame retracts towards the centre of VariAres, exposing more Metal, and therefore producing more Smash Attack. This is considered "Attack Mode". As VariAres' spin velocity lowers, the PC Frame extends out to it's full length, allowing for more Plastic contact in an attempt to reduce recoil. This is considered "Defense Mode". Beyblade: VariAres D:D Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=HWS_Metal_Wheel_List&oldid=11761"
