HWS Clear Wheel List - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization HWS Clear Wheel List From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Contents 1 Aries 2 Aquila 3 Aquario 4 Blaze 5 Bull 6 Byxis 7 Cancer 8 Capricorne 9 Cygnus 10 Dragonis 11 Gemios 12 Gil 13 Hades 14 Horogium 15 Horuseus 16 Jupiter 17 Kerbecs 18 Ketos 19 Lacerta 20 L Drago 21 Leone 22 Libra 23 Lynx 24 Nemesis 25 Pegasis 26 Pegasis II 27 Pegasis III 28 Perseus 29 Phoenix 30 Pisces 31 Quetzalcoatl 32 Sagittario 33 Sagittario II 34 Serpent 35 Unicorno 36 Unicorno II 37 Uranus 38 Virgo 39 Wolf Aries Weight: 2.7grams Aries was originally released as a bright pink Clear Wheel with three ?heads? which point outwards, hence forming a roughly triangular perimeter. Each side of this triangle has 6 ram horns, curling into the centre. Beyblade: Clay Aries ED145B Aquila Aquila Weight: 2.9 grams Aquila was first released in a translucent purple colour. Each side of this Clear Wheel represents an Eagle's pair of wings, with the notches on either side representing its head. It was clearly designed to fit with the aesthetic of the Earth Metal Wheel with its two spikes/notches fitting nicely over the small notches on the inner section of Earth. Beyblade: Earth Aquila 145WD Aquario Aquario Weight: 3.2 grams Aquario?s original release colour is navy, featuring a wave pattern which repeats itself four times. It is amongst the heaviest Clear Wheels, making it one of the best Clear Wheel choices for HWS based Defense customizations. Beyblade: Wind Aquario 100HF/S, Hyper Aquario 105F Blaze Weight: 2.8 grams Blaze is a translucent red and orange in color and features a scorching flame design on opposite sides. There are also magma-like designs between the flames. Beyblade: Sol Blaze V145AS Bull Bull Weight: 3.3 grams Bull's original release colour is red, and features a two-winged design with two small openings between each wing. It is the heaviest Clear Wheel in Right spin with excellent weight distribution. This makes it one of the best choices for HWS based Defense and Stamina customizations. Beyblade: Dark Bull H145SD Byxis Byxis Weight: 2.7 grams Byxis was originally released in a turquoise green color. It is overall round in shape, and has four arrows. There are two large arrows, on which stickers can be placed with the remaining two arrows having a dark blue color. The Clear Wheel represents a compass, with four circular symbols to represent North, South, East, and West. Byxis?s unique shape meanwhile allows it to be used in conjunction with certain Metal Wheels to expose their contact points more prominently. Beyblade: Flame Byxis 230WD Cancer Cancer Weight: 3.0 grams The Cancer Clear Wheel featured in Random Booster Light Vol.1 Mad Cancer CH120FS is of a brighter red, while the BB-55 Booster version is slightly darker. Both are identical in shape and weight. Cancer has two crab pincers following the circumference of the wheel. Between them are jagged shapes with rectangular markings on them. Takara's Cancer Clear Wheel has 'Cancer' printed onto the side, while Hasbro's Gasher has taken this off, due to the name change. Beyblade: Dark Cancer CH120SF Capricorne Weight: 2.9 grams The Capricorne Clear Wheel is quite angular, representing two goat heads, tailed by long, banded horns, and another two small Spikes separating each head from the other's horns. While not a particularly useful part, the angular design can allow for some added Smash Attack, and if one has no better Clear Wheels, it can be a decent choice for such customizations, as long as it does not obscure the Metal Wheel's contact points. This first release of Capricorne is a clear Bright Orange. Beyblade: Storm Capricorne M145Q, Screw Capricorne 90MF Cygnus Weight 3.26 grams Two swans form this Clear Wheel. Unlike a real swan however, the head is disproportionate to the body of the wings. Cygnus's original colour is clear turquoise with blue highlights from the stickers which line up the feathers and the surroundings of the Face. Beyblade: Kreis Cygnus 145WD Dragonis Dragonis Weight: 2.87 grams Dragonis features two daggers with curved blades and engraved with tribal designs. To each dagger is attached a chain whip made of diamonds. The whip represents Dragonis? tail, while the dagger may represent its horn, its fangs or its claws. Competitively, its light weight and its odd weight distribution make it an outclassed part. Beyblade: Omega Dragonis 85XF Gemios Gemios Weight: 2.2 grams Gemios follows the same aesthetic principles as the Gemios Metal Wheel, and Killer, with a similar two-winged design. It is the lightest Clear Wheel available. Beyblade: Killer Gemios DF145FS Gil Gil Weight: 2.7 grams The Gil Clear Wheel has an asymmetrical design with a translucent purple color along with light blue details. One side of Gil features a dragon?s head, while the latter depicts the bones of its feet. The rest of Gil is the bones of a dragon's body. Since Gil's shape is asymmetrical, this makes it very unbalanced. Due to the weight being different on both sides, the Gil Clear Wheel should not be used for any competitive combos, as its weight distribution is off. Beyblade: Ray Gil 100RSF Hades Weight: 3.0 grams Hades This Clear Wheel has generic long curves. Its main design trait is the two white shields on each side of the Face, and links made of armour separate each of them, as well as blue ribbons. There are also two big blue dots in the middle of each link. Beyblade: Fusion Hades AD145SWD Horogium Horogium Weight: 2.71 grams The Horogium Clear Wheel was released in a grayish-blue color. It is gear shaped, with white Roman Numerals reminiscent of a clock decorating the circumference. However, there is a rectangular gap where "III" is supposed to be and 2 clock hands causing irregular weight distribution. Therefore, this Clear Wheel shouldn't be used in any Defense or Stamina combos. However, Horogium exposes the slopes on the Screw Metal Wheel, and can be used in Attack customs utilizing it. Beyblade: Basalt Horogium 145WD Horuseus Horuseus Weight: 2.92 grams The Horuseus Clear Wheel is of an overall stylized quadrilateral design with a shade of slightly faint, semi-reflective, gold as its predominant color. Parallel to each other are two "Wedjat" eyes, both of which have a red iris when the decals are applied. Above the eyes are a reflective black and green decals, emphasizing on the eyes' brow. Decals of a similar design and shape entail the eyes. These trail to the two feathered wings between each eye that have their inner feathers painted silver. Beyblade: Vulcan Horuseus 145D Jupiter Jupiter Weight: 3.11 grams The Jupiter Clear Wheel is of a purple color, similar to Aquila. It represents the plumage and feathers of an eagle. Although relatively heavy, Jupiter cannot compete with the other heavier and well distributed Clear Wheels, such as Cancer, Aquario and Cygnus. Its shape formed of many small protrusions is also not ideal for any type compared to the rounder and sturdier designs the aforementioned Clear Wheels have. It cannot even be used in harmony with a good Metal Wheel due to its odd shape, unlike tri-winged Clear Wheels like Kerbecs. Beyblade: Jade Jupiter S130RB Kerbecs Kerbecs Weight: 3.3 grams This Clear Wheel was released in a translucent yellow. Like its Metal Wheel, it is split into three parts, each separated by a notch. The pattern repeated around Kerbecs depicts interlocked chains. Kerbecs is one of the heaviest and well-balanced Clear Wheels available, and has great use in Defense and Stamina customizations. Being one of the few three-sided Clear Wheels, Kerbecs is especially useful for three-sided Metal Wheels such as Hell and Ray. Beyblade: Hell Kerbecs BD145DS Ketos Ketos (White) Weight: 2.5 grams The Ketos Clear Wheel is perfectly symmetrical. It shows two waves flowing on each side, going in opposite directions, with white whale tails shown on both ends. Beyblade: Grand Ketos T125/WD145RS Lacerta Lacerta Weight 2.8 grams The Face on this beyblade depicts Lacerta, the Lizard, one of the 88 constellation in space. The pattern on the Lizard's back, when read from head to tail, reads "LACERTA" in a stylised font. Beyblade: Thermal Lacerta WA130HF L Drago L Drago Weight: 2.7 grams The L Drago Clear Wheel features three Dragon-head designs formed to create a circle. It carries a few distinct differences from the majority of the Hybrid Wheel System: 1. Left-spin only. 2. Unique shape is only compatible with Lightning Metal Wheel. 3. L Drago's unique function is mode change. Turning it 180° allows one to switch between two modes on the Metal Wheel; Upper to Multi-Hit Mode. The Clear Wheel allows this differentiation since it covers three of the six protrusions at all times. Beyblade: Lightning L Drago 100HF Leone Leone Weight: 3.0 grams The regular release of Leone is a translucent, blue-green piece. Leone is circular with small ridge details. Beyblade: Rock Leone 145WB, Counter Leone D125B Libra Libra Weight: 2.8 grams The regular release of Libra is a translucent green, featuring scales on opposite sides. Beyblade: Flame Libra T125ES, Infinity Libra GB145S Lynx Lynx Weight: 3.06 grams The original release of Lynx is a translucent brown, almost tan color. Its design emulates two ears of a cat, with a notch in between each space. This symmetrical shape has good synergy when used in tandem with Beat. Beyblade: Beat Lynx TH170WD Nemesis Weight: Nemesis Just like the Nemesis Face, the Nemesis 4D Clear Wheel is very complex. Its design unites several traits from other Beyblades. One whole half of Nemesis is engraved with feathers to illustrate Cygnus's feather. The other half is supposed to replicate the shapes on the outline of the Uranus 4D Clear Wheel. The two sides originate from two odd heads: the one that is associated with Uranus has some tendrils or whiskers, while the more beautiful, flowing side has a similar head with smoother lines. Officially, a part of Jupiter's Clear Wheel is also included in Nemesis, however the design is already saturated and it's unclear how Jupiter is related. Beyblade: Diablo Nemesis X:D Pegasis Pegasis Weight: 2.9 grams The original release of Pegasis is a blue translucent wheel. The edges of the Clear Wheel are shaped in a wing like pattern, each ending in a pointed ?head? shape, representing the body form of Pegasis, the symbol its design is influenced by. Beyblade: Storm Pegasis 105RF, Cyber Pegasis 100HF Pegasis II Pegasis II Weight: 3.1 grams Pegasis II depicts the wings and heads of Pegasis, much like the previous Pegasis Clear Wheel. On each of the wings shows the letters P-E-G-I, short for Pegasis, in a red color. Beyblade: Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Pegasis III Pegasis III Weight: 3.14 grams The Pegasis III Clear Wheel's original release is blue. It has two crescent-shaped edges which have wing designs on them. It also has "iron dust" particles that slightly shine inside of it for extra weight, although the effect is negligible since its weight remains average. It was, however, supposed to be a new feature of the 4D System. Beyblade: Big Bang Pegasis F:D, Wing Pegasis 90WF Perseus Weight: 2.7 grams Perseus is unique in the sense that there is no plastic that blocks the prongs on left and right launchers from attaching, which is necessary to allow multi-directional spin. No other Clear Wheel has this ability. Also, like the Hybrid Wheel System L Drago Series, rotating the Clear Wheel 180 degrees results in different modes. It has three projections which are layed out in a triangular shape, with each end dropping over the Metal Wheel to cover it slightly. Those protrusions are actually shaped like helmets which, metaphorically, encase the red eyes of the Medusa on Gravity. These three projections allow it to shift between "Defense Mode" and "Counter Mode". Perseus is only useable with Gravity. The original release of Perseus is named "Defense Version", and features three protrusions which evenly fit into Gravity. The other releases of Perseus are named "Stamina Version" and "Attack Version". The Stamina Version has six protrusions, which cover all of Gravity's depressions widely. The Attack Version has a similar style to the Stamina Version, but each of its protrusions are shorter and straighter, allowing for more of Gravity to make contact. All three Versions can be obtained in the BB-97 set. Beyblade: Gravity Perseus AD145WD Phoenix Weight: 2.88 grams Phoenix was first released in a bright, translucent orange color. It represents the wings and the fiery tails of the firebird. Small, yellow details are painted on the wings and black stickers can be applied on the tails? feathers. Each feather composing the tails is also a small, ramp-like slope. Phoenix has no particular use in competitive play however, like many Clear Wheels. Beyblade: Burn Phoenix 135MS Pisces Pisces Weight: 2.7 grams Pisces was first released in a translucent midnight blue colour. Pisces depicts two sharks circling clockwise around each other with the head, dorsal fin, and tail of each shark breaking through a series of waves. This Clear Wheel is best combined with Screw, as its shape and slopes allow proper space to enhance Screw's own slopes and it does not get in its way for attacks, maximizing the contact areas. Beyblade: Thermal Pisces T125ES Quetzalcoatl Quetzalcoatl Weight: 2.6 grams The Quetzalcoatl Clear Wheel is of a pale golden colour and illustrates two winged serpents with a head more like that of a cobra. Competitively, Quetzalcoatl has niche uses in Clear Wheel attack, which it does effectively to thwart opposing Beyblades of greater height thanks to the cobra heads that curve upwards, but overall, it is not necessary. Beyblade: Death Quetzalcoatl 125RDF Sagittario Saggitario Weight: 2.8grams The regular release of Sagittario is a yellow, tranlucent piece. It has several notches and protrusions. The design is loosely based on the original Sagittario, which features the two bow and arrows. Beyblade: Flame Sagittario C145S Sagittario II Weight: 3.3 grams It is possible to observe many bows and arrows designed into the Sagittario II 4D Clear Wheel. It is neon orange in colour. Beyblade: Flash Sagittario 230WD Serpent Serpent Weight 3.1 grams This Clear Wheel's rather angular design features eight serpents overlapping and interlocking with each other in a pattern reminiscent of a Celtic knot. Its original release is deep green. Beyblade: Poison Serpent SW145SD Unicorno Unicorno Weight: 2.7 grams The Unicorno Clear Wheel was initially released in a teal tint. It features three unicorns with orange horns. Being one of the few three-sided Clear Wheels, Unicorno is especially useful for three-sided Metal Wheels like Ray and Hell to provide an even weight distribution. Beyblade: Ray Unicorno D125CS Unicorno II Unicorno II Weight: 3.27 Grams Unicorno II resembles the original Unicorno Clear Wheel but wider with Iron powder scattered throughout it, as is common with 4D Beyblades. The three "horns" of the Unicorn motif are now purple instead of bronze, as they were on the original Unicorno Clear Wheel. As this CW is thicker, more elevated, and heavier than its predecessor, it should take priority when selecting a three-sided CW. Beyblade: Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Uranus Weight: 2.4 grams The Uranus Clear Wheel, in a dark blue colour, accentuates the wind designs on the 4D Metal Wheel by illustrating shapes in movement coming from the centre of the Beyblade as if it were in a right-spin motion. Uranus has two pentagonal shapes above and below its centre, and the stickers on it represent wings slightly shaped into faces, where one is more diabolical-looking with jagged feathers, and the other is more heroic looking, with smoothly curved lines. Beyblade: Duo Uranus 230WD Virgo Virgo Weight: 2.8 grams Virgo was first released in a translucent yellow colour. Virgo has a smooth, flowing design to emulate a woman's hair, and features a small notch on both sides. Beyblade: Earth Virgo GB145BS Wolf Wolf Weight: 3.0 grams The original release of Wolf is a dark brown, translucent wheel. The edges of the Clear Wheel consists of 4 wolf 'heads', one in each quarter of the clear wheel, representing the body form of a Wolf, the symbol its design is influenced by. Beyblade: Dark Wolf DF145FS Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=HWS_Clear_Wheel_List&oldid=11760"
