Hyper Aquario 105F - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Hyper Aquario 105F From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Hyper Aquario 105F Number: BB-72 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Attack Hyper Aquario 105F is a Beyblade in Hasbro's Legend Series; a series characterized by the redesign of Metal System Wheels?like Aquario?into Hybrid Wheel System Metal Wheels. Contents 1 Face: Aquario 2 Clear Wheel: Aquario 2.1 Use in Defense Customization 2.2 Use in Stamina Customization 3 Metal Wheel: Hyper 4 Track: 105 5 Bottom: Flat 6 Gallery 7 Overall Face: Aquario The Face on this Beyblade depicts Aquarius, the eleventh astrological sign in the Zodiac. Clear Wheel: Aquario Weight: 3.2 grams Aquario?s original release color is navy, featuring a wave pattern which repeats itself four times. This release is a pearlescent blue color. It is amongst the heaviest Clear Wheels, making it one of the best Clear Wheel choices for HWS-based Defense customizations. Use in Defense Customization Aquario is the Clear Wheel of choice in the top-tier Defense Combination MF-H Duo Aquario BD145CS. Use in Stamina Customization Aquario's great weight distribution has good synergy with the Duo Metal Wheel in the top-tier Stamina Combination Duo Aquario TH170D. Metal Wheel: Hyper Weight: 28.49 grams The Hyper Metal Wheel is the HWS equivalent of Metal System Aquario. It has four main 'wings' that resemble waves of water. There is a coat of silver paint over the Metal Wheel, which is considerably more durable than normal paint, and blue paint in the center. It is hollow, lightweight, and has an abundance of Recoil that hinders its Attack to the point of having next to none. Because of this, it is severely outclassed by wheels such as VariAres, Blitz, and Beat. Like most other Metal Wheels from the Hasbro Legend Series, it cannot compare to its Metal System predecessor, though it too was outclassed in its time. Track: 105 Weight: 1 gram This track is currently the fourth lowest track available, but is outclassed in terms of Attack and Stamina by the 85, 90, and 100 Tracks. 105 has no problem with floor scrapes, but still is an outclassed part and should only be chosen when none of the aforementioned Tracks are available. Bottom: Flat Weight: 1 gram The Flat Bottom has a plastic flat tip, which gives it an offensive movement pattern. It is the equivalent of Flat Core (HMS) or SG Flat (Plastic). The F Bottom has a hard time retaining a flower pattern, due to it being plastic, which results in it having less grip to the stadium floor than a rubber bottom. F has been overshadowed by countless other Attack Bottoms such as XF, MF, RF, and R²F. Gallery Hyper Aquario 105F Hyper Aquario 105F bottom view Hyper Metal Wheel top view Hyper Metal Wheel bottom view Aquario Clear Wheel Aquario Face 105 F Overall Hyper Aquario 105F is comprised of mostly outclassed parts, save for Aquario. There is little to no reason to purchase this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Hyper_Aquario_105F&oldid=12218"
