Infinity Libra GB145S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Infinity Libra GB145S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Infinity/Thunder Libra GB145S Number: System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Stamina Contents 1 Face: Libra 2 Clear Wheel: Libra 2.1 Mold Variations 3 Metal Wheel: Infinity 4 Track: Gravity Bowl 145 4.1 Use in Defense Customization 5 Bottom: Sharp 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Infinity Libra GB145S used to be obtained in Japan in exchange for 30,000 Beypoints on the Beypoint Card. Since early 2011, it is now unavailable. Face: Libra The Face on this Beyblade depicts Libra, the seventh astrological sign in the Zodiac. Libra?s symbol is The Scales, and this motif is featured on the Beyblade?s Face and Clear Wheel. The Face included with the original release of Infinity Libra GB145S is clear. Clear Wheel: Libra Weight: 2.8g The regular release of Libra is a translucent green, featuring scales on opposite sides. It?s a rounded Clear Wheel without any particular use due to its average weight. As a matter of fact, the two raised platforms of the scales are hollow underneath, creating no excess weight on both sides that would provide good Flywheel Effect. Mold Variations The original mold of Libra does not fit Metal Wheels correctly, resulting in a loose fit and rattling. This was later rectified in the Bey Reshuffle Set Stamina & Defense Type release. Metal Wheel: Infinity Weight: 29.7 grams Infinity is meant to be a rendition to the original Metal System Libra as it shares the same aesthetics with it being round and interrupted with small indents from the shapes of several balancing scales. However, it has been proven that Infinity's performance as a defensive Metal Wheel is not as great as many other Metal Wheels such as Basalt. One major problem is that Infinity is slightly thinner, which reduces the "barrier" that a defensive Bey is suppose to have, and the indents in its design cause slight Recoil. Another significant difference is the difference in weight; Infinity weighs less than most good Metal Wheels in general, which thus allows it to be knocked around with ease. In other words, although it may resemble the Libra Wheel, it only holds a portion of the potential that Metal System Wheel possessed, and therefore did not live anywhere near the expectations held for it. Having no Attack potential with its circular shape, Infinity is an outclassed Metal Wheel, and should only be used as a replacement for Earth, Basalt, Libra, Death, Duo or Diablo when all the aforementioned are not available. Track: Gravity Bowl 145 Weight: 4.5 grams Maximum Width: 36.0 mm Minimum Width: 28.5.0 mm Full Height: 14.50 mm Metal Balls Diameter: 5.0 mm GB145 is a wide, round track featuring two free moving metal balls. These balls move toward the outside of the Track while spinning, causing additional spin retaining force, similar to Draciel Metal Ball Defenser's Metal Ball Base from the plastic generation. Weighing in at 4.5 grams, GB145 is currently one of the heaviest Tracks available, and as such is useful in Defense customizations. At release, it was seen by some as inferior to C145 due to the lack of energy-absorbing free spinning wings, making it not as effective as against low attackers such as Quetzalcoatl 90RF, which were popular at the time. Where GB145 does shine is when it is utilized in Defense customizations against high CH120-based Attackers, such as MF Lightning L Drago CH120RF. These types of Attackers do not aim to hit the Track, and thus the free spinning wings of C145 are not necessary, and you instead get a significant increase in the overall weight of the customization. However, it has been outclassed for Defense customizations by BD145 and TH170. Use in Defense Customization GB145 can be utilized in the Defense customization MF-H Basalt/Earth Aquario GB145RS. The Bull Clear Wheel may also be used as a substitute if Aquario is unavaliable. Bottom: Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 4.14 mm Full Height: 8.83 mm Tip Height: 6.82 mm Tip Angle: 35° Sharp was released as Spike in the Hasbro release.The Sharp Bottom offers very little movement and as such provides no attack potential. The pointed tip allows for very little friction between the Bottom and the stadium surface, which helps prevent the loss of spin velocity. However, due to the fine nature of the tip, the Bottom is easily knocked off balance, and hence is outclassed by superior alternatives such as D or SD. Other Versions Flame Libra T125ES - BB-48 Booster (Green) Flame Libra DF145BS ? BB-57 Hybrid Wheel Reshuffle Set (Stamina & Defense) (Dark Brown) Storm Libra 145S ? BB-60 Random Booster Vol.4 Mirage Virgo (Purple) Rock Libra 100WD ? BB-60 Random Booster Vol.4 Mirage Virgo (Light Blue) Dark Libra ED145SD ? Hasbro Faceoff: Metal Wing Smash (White) Flame Libra T125ES - Hasbro Ultimate Gift Set (Gunmetal Grey Flame, Teal Libra) Thunder Libra DF145BS - Hasbro Legend Series Libra Starter (Grey Thunder) Gallery Infinity Libra GB145S Infinity Libra GB145S underside view Infinity Libra GB145S side view Infinity Metal Wheel top view Infinity Metal Wheel underside view Libra Clear Wheel (yellow) top view Libra Clear Wheel (yellow) underside view Gravity Bowl 145 Track (clear orange) Sharp Bottom (clear orange) Overall Infinity Libra GB145S contains multiple parts that serve no use in competitive play. Its only useful part, GB145, can be purchased through Earth Virgo GB145BS, which is a better and more accessible buy. This Beyblade should only be bought for collective purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Infinity_Libra_GB145S&oldid=12556"
