Killer Beafowl UW145EWD - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Killer Beafowl UW145EWD From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Killer Beafowl UW145EWD Number: BB-100 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Stamina Contents 1 Name Change 2 Face: Beafowl 3 Clear Wheel: Beafowl 4 Metal Wheel: Killer 5 Track: Upper Wing 145 6 Bottom: Eternal Wide Defense 6.1 Wearing of EWD 6.2 Use in Stamina customization 7 Other Versions 8 Gallery 9 Overall Killer Beafowl UW145EWD was initially released as the prize Beyblade of Metal Fight Beyblade's Random Booster Vol.6. Name Change Killer Beafowl was renamed Evil Befall for the Hasbro release. Face: Beafowl Weight: 1.1 gram The Face on this Beyblade depicts Pavo, the Peacock, one of the 88 constellations in space. Clear Wheel: Beafowl Weight: 2.9 grams This is a relatively balanced and circular Clear Wheel. It has two different illustrations on it: on two sides there are peacock heads, while structures that resemble Peacock wings are adjacent. The Clear Wheel is released in a pale-pink color. Even though it is round and well balanced, heavier and bolder Clear Wheels such as Aquario, Cancer, Bull and Cygnus are prefered for almost all types of Beyblade combinations, specifically in Stamina and Defense. Metal Wheel: Killer Weight: 31.2 grams Full Width: 45 mm Full Height: 8 mm Wing Distance: 5 mm Like its Metal System predecessor Gemios, Killer has a textured, bumpy, two-winged design that ends in two rounded edges. However, unlike its predecessor, it is considerably thinner even with a smaller amount of metal dropping below the base of the Wheel. Being so thin, the edges of each wing do not apply as much force as those of the Gemios Metal Wheel; as a result, Killer loses any of the potential Smash Attack the first incarnation had. Being so thin negates any possible defensive qualities, and though it may seem suited for Stamina, it peforms extremely poorly compared to other top-tier Stamina Wheels such as Duo, Phantom, Dragooon and Genbull. Track: Upper Wing 145 Weight: 3.6 grams This Track features three large wings, which start low down on the Track and gradually rise, ending in a flat contact point. This wing structure can be removed and flipped over, changing its orientation both horizontally and vertically to suit either offensive or defensive purposes. While the rounded edges of the wings are aligned in the spin direction, the Track's intended purpose, as its name suggests, is to provide Upper Attack: however, the effect is negligible as the Track is unlikely to make significant contact with other Beys due to its relatively low placement underneath the Wheel. When flipped over, the sharper contact points can provide Smash Attack, but again, their low placement, exacerbated by the way the wings now curve downwards, means that the potential for Smash Attack is compromised heavily. The gimmick of this Track is the ability to change from Attack to Defense mode by switching the direction of the wings, similar to SW145. While it is in Attack mode, the wings' slopes are angled upwards, facing clockwise, and in Defense mode it is angled downwards, facing anti-clockwise. The wings, orientated so that the rounded edges are aligned with the spin direction, can be used for defensive purposes in deflecting opponent Beys. There are superior Tracks for this purpose however, such as BD145. Bottom: Eternal Wide Defense Weight: 1.2 grams Full Height: 8.37 mm Height w/o base: 7.73 mm Height of fixed tip: 6.54 mm Full width: 15.74 mm Width w/o base: 14.48 mm Width of tip hole: 6.2 mm Free Tip Angle: 35° Overall Angle: 15° Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Comparison between EWD and the tips that compose it- ES and WD EWD is part of a series of existing Bottoms prefixed with Eternal, featuring bearing-based tips. EWD, as its name suggests, is a bearing-implemented version of WD. It features a similar wide shape, but the pointy tip of the Bottom is replaced by a free-spinning sharp piece. This rotates freely, and increases the balance and spin-retention of the Bottom. Unlike ES, the Bottom does not suffer from balance issues because of its wide shape, which allows it many of the same survival capabilities as WD at low spin velocities. Friction on this part seems to be a problem for it. As EWD wears down, it loses a lot of its stamina capabilities and wearing down affects its performance a lot. Since it is only one bearing, there is still a considerable amount of friction between the bearing and the tip, and paired together, the effects are hardly negligible in comparison to WD. WD usually overshadows EWD because of more availability due to a more widespread release, and EWD has more cons than pros when compared. The grinding between the bearing and the tip often can lead to both increased stamina and decreased stamina if too much grinding is produced. This Bottom is also more useful in mid-height customizations, whereas WD is prefered for low combos and SD and D on higher ones. As such, mid-height Beyblades are generally not prefered in battles due to their average performance and their imbalance caused by a slightly off center of gravity. However, EWD has found a very special place in Spin Stealing combinations, providing the few more rotations to a Beyblade needed to outspin an opponent in the last few seconds of a match. It therefore goes beyond WD in that domain, but the friction between its components can still render the BeyBattle a draw instead of surviving the opposing Beyblade. Furthermore, like with every Bottom of the D series, EWD remains rather easy to knock out with any proper Attack combination. Around the time of its release, EWD was paired with Meteo L-Drago and CH120 for a powerful Spin Stealing customization, however, with the appearance of the 4D System and then Zero-G, Meteo L-Drago's light weight was inefficient to keep winning against new top-tier combos. It has although found use in the innovative Zero-G metagame. Wearing of EWD EWD Bottoms in general are vulnerable to wearing that renders them illegal and alters their performance, transforming them into more aggressive tips, however Hasbro has been found to release even more fragile EWDs. These widespread versions wear down and become rounder considerably more quickly than both TAKARA-TOMY's and SonoKong's releases. It is therefore preferable to purchase more of the latter companies' Killer Beafowl UW145EWD or Nightmare Rex UW145EWD to ensure a longer, legal performance. Use in Stamina customization EWD's Spin-Stealing abilities convey to the combination Duo Cancer/Cygnus/Aquario SA165/W145EWD the extra spin required to outlast other Beyblades in Zero-G Stadiums. Other Versions Evil Befall UW145EWD - Hasbro Starter Gallery EWD Bottom 3D render Killer Beafowl top view Killer Beafowl 3/4 view Killer Beafowl side view Killer Beafowl bottom view Killer top view Beafowl top view Beafowl side view Upper Wing 145 Attack Mode Upper Wing 145 Defense Mode Eternal Wide Defense Overall Killer Beafowl UW145EWD is comprised of predominantly outclassed parts in Killer and UW145, but EWD is an extremely effective alternative to WD and PD for Stamina customisations, as well as procuring its own impressive Spin-Stealing prowesses. Consequently, every Blader should own multiples of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Killer_Beafowl_UW145EWD&oldid=13416"
