L-Drago Destroy F:S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization L-Drago Destroy F:S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization L-Drago Destroy F:S Number: BB-108 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Attack Contents 1 Name Change 2 Face: L Drago III 3 4D Metal Wheel: L-Drago Destroy 3.1 Metal Frame 3.2 Core 3.3 Use in Attack Customizations 3.3.1 MOLD VARIATION: Hasbro's version 4 4D Bottom: Final:Survive 4.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 L-Drago Destroy F:S - Original Version 6.2 L-Drago Destroy DF105LRF - Gold Armored Version 6.3 L-Drago Destroy F:S - Legend Beyblade Set Version 6.4 L-Drago Destroy F:S - Hasbro Hyperblade Legends Version 7 Overall Name Change Hasbro released L-Drago Destroy under the name L-Drago Destructor. Face: L Drago III This Face mark features a more complete form of L Drago, while also showing a more aggressive design. "L Drago" isn't written anymore, and, instead, the rest of the dragon's neck is shown as well as its left hand, its right arm and its right shoulder. 4D Metal Wheel: L-Drago Destroy Weight: 44.33 grams This Metal Wheel is made up of two parts: a Core and a Metal Frame. Unlike other 4D Metal Wheels, the Core is made of rubber/plastic and sits below?rather than above?the Metal Frame, which comprises the bulk of the Metal Wheel. This follows the trend of the other L Drago Wheels. Metal Frame Weight: 38.51 grams The Metal Frame is the largest part of the Metal Wheel and therefore makes the most contact with opposing Beyblades. Like previous L Drago Wheels, the three-sided Metal Frame is shaped to resemble three dragon heads. It is much wider, has larger gaps between each head, and is significantly heavier than each of the former L Drago Wheels, many of which were notorious for their extremely light weight. While made entirely of metal, it was given a gunmetal finish upon release. Its relief features some slight, jagged bumps instead of being very smooth, to create an overall fierce design. Core Weight: 5.82 grams L-Drago Destroy's Core is made of PC (plastic) as well as PVC (rubber), continuing the trend started with Meteo L-Drago. It is comprised of six protrusions which act as the teeth and lower jaw for the dragon heads; all six contain rubber, but only three expose rubber on the outside, while the other three expose plastic. The rubber protrusions can assist in spin stealing from right-spin Beyblades. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, L-Drago Destroy features a mode-changing gimmick. It works by rotating the Metal Frame while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Attack Mode: In this mode, the rubber protrusions on the Core are aligned with the front of the dragon heads on the Metal Frame. Absorb Mode: In this mode, the Core is rotated 180° so that the plastic protrusions on the Core are aligned with the front of the dragon heads of the Metal Frame. Attack Mode is widely considered to be superior to Absorb Mode for Smash Attack. The rubber protrusions on the Core are covered for the most part by the dragon heads while in Absorb Mode, allowing for the plastic protrusions to make the most impact in combination with the Metal Frame. In Attack Mode, L-Drago Destroy can be considered an upgrade to the popular Lightning L-Drago, but it has since been outclassed generally by Metal Wheels like Blitz, Flash and VariAres. Use in Attack Customizations Though it has less pure Smash Attack power than Metal Wheels like Flash, Blitz and VariAres, what L-Drago Destroy does have is less Recoil. This can make it a somewhat more reliable choice to play against Stamina customizations, which do not necessarily require the same huge amount of brute force to be KOed as the force found in Blitz and VariAres. The customization MF L-Drago Destroy BD145MF can be used for this purpose; the reliability of L-Drago Destroy and the controllability of the MF Bottom combine to make a usable Smash Attacker versus lightweight and tall Stamina customs. MOLD VARIATION: Hasbro's version Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Left: heavy mold (TAKARA-TOMY, Hasbro Hyperblades); Right: light mold (Metal Fury, Hyperblade Legends) Hasbro's first L-Drago Destroy release features a much lighter Metal Wheel Mold--a characteristic common to all Metal Fury Beyblades. That mold is 10 grams lighter than the original Takara-Tomy release, due to the hollowing of the underside of the Metal Wheel in the dragon neck areas, leaving the Metal Frame a simple shell sitting on top of the Core. Hasbro released the heavy mold alongside L-Drago Destroy's gimmick Bottom with the Metal Fury SparkFX Hyperblades series. However, the Legends release again features the light mold, despite being also labeled as a Hyperblade. 4D Bottom: Final:Survive Weight: 5.73 gram Full Width: 27.97 mm Second Width: 27.42 mm Full Height: 21.27 mm Tip Height for flat mode: 19.83 mm F:S is a completely automatic Bottom, switching between "Hole Flat" and "Sharp" tips as its spin velocity lowers. The gimmick of this 4D Bottom is the contrary of Big Bang Pegasis' F:D: instead of beginning at a Stamina tip and ending with Attack, F:S starts with moderate attack, and ends up with a Stamina-type tip to try and give it a boost of spin time and win more by equalizing with the opposing Beyblade's spin. This mechanism works in a similar fashion to F:D: tabs on the side of the big base pop in or out depending on the Beyblade's Spin Velocity and the consequential centrifugal force affected to the spinning top. However, as good as the gimmick sounds in theory, in practice, there are many disadvantages. The HF tip, which is slightly wider than the regular HF Bottom, has trouble maintaining a Sliding Shoot pattern, and the change between tips causes a disruption in the Beyblade?s balance, especially given the notorious balance issues of Sharp Bottoms. This Bottom therefore has absolutely no use competitively. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Final:Survive has two different molds. One is from the original TAKARA-TOMY L-Drago Destroy. This mold has the tabs protruding outwards more. The other was released by SonoKong, and it has the tabs built into the core piece to form a more shield-like design. There is no reported difference in the performance of the two molds, besides the occasional trouble with the sharp tip clicking out of the bottom, but this can be fixed by using this 4D Bottom a few times. However, this different mold remains unable to give F:S any competitive use anyway. Other Versions L-Drago Destroy DF105LRF Gold Armored Ver. ? CoroCoro Fan Service (Gold) L-Drago Destroy F:S Legend Beyblade Ver. ? WBBA Exclusive, Legend Beyblade Set, TAKARA-TOMY lottery (Gold) Gallery L-Drago Destroy F:S - Original Version L-Drago Destroy (Attack Mode) front view L-Drago Destroy (Absorb Mode) front view L- Drago Destroy bottom view L-Drago Face L-Drago Destroy Metal Frame top view L-Drago Destroy Metal Frame bottom view L-Drago Destroy Core top view L-Drago Destroy Core bottom view Final Survive bottom view Final Survive tab close-up Final Survive side view Final Survive top view Final Survive Mold 2 top view Final Survive Mold 2 bottom view Final Survive Mold 2 3/4 view Final Survive Mold 2 side view L-Drago Destroy DF105LRF - Gold Armored Version Metal Face L-Drago Version (Gold) Metal Face L-Drago Version (Gold) 3/4 view L-Drago Destroy (Gold Armored) top view - Absorb Mode L-Drago Destroy (Gold Armored) 3/4 view - Absorb Mode L-Drago Destroy (Gold Armored) side view - Absorb Mode L-Drago Destroy (Gold Armored) top view - Attack Mode L-Drago Destroy (Gold Armored) 3/4 view - Attack Mode L-Drago Destroy (Gold Armored) side view - Attack Mode L-Drago Destroy (Gold Armored) bottom view L-Drago Destroy Metal Frame top view L-Drago Destroy Metal Frame bottom view L-Drago Destroy Core top view L-Drago Destroy Core bottom view Down Force 105 DF105 3/4 view Left Rubber Flat top view Left Rubber Flat bottom view Left Rubber Flat 3/4 view L-Drago Destroy F:S - Legend Beyblade Set Version L-Drago Destroy F:S - Hasbro Hyperblade Legends Version "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - Absorb Mode top view "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - Absorb Mode 3/4 view "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - Absorb Mode side view "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - Attack Mode top view "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - Attack Mode 3/4 view "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - Attack Mode side view "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - bottom view "L-Drago Destructor" F:S - side bottom view Metal Frame weight Overall The L-Drago series is known for having powerful Attack skills, and L-Drago Destroy lives up to this aspect, being commonly regarded as superior to Lightning L-Drago due to its increased weight, Attack range, and its more prominently exposed wings. L-Drago Destroy does not Spin Steal as well as Meteo L-Drago, so the latter should be used for a Spin-Stealing combos though. F:S is useless competitively, but L-Drago Destroy can be used in specific situations. L-Drago Destroy F:S is not a must-have, but it is nevertheless a welcomed addition to any collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=L-Drago_Destroy_F:S&oldid=13419"
