L Drago 105F - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization L Drago 105F From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization L Drago 105F Number: BB-23 System: Metal System Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: L Drago 2 Wheel: L Drago 2.1 Use In Attack Customization 3 Track: 105 4 Bottom: Flat 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 L Drago 105F - Original Version 6.2 L Drago 105F - Gold Version 7 Overall Face: L Drago The Face on this Beyblade depicts a Dragon, Draco, one of the 88 constellations in space. Wheel: L Drago Weight: 32 grams The L Drago Wheel is the first in the series of "L Drago"s, and was thus the first left-spin Wheel released. Its design consists of three dragon heads facing counter-clockwise. The heads are flat where the "snout" and teeth of the dragons are and taper in a slope-like form towards the "horn" and "neck" of the dragons, where the thickest part of the wheel is. The three dragon head slopes are in the shape required for Upper Attack, but given that for Upper Attack to work both Beyblades must be spinning in the same direction, the fact that there are very few left-spin MFB, and that Upper Attack has never seemed to be effective with MFB, makes this point negligible. Despite the fact that the Wheel has no sharp contact points, L Drago does indeed have some slight Spike Attack through the small details and angle changes on the dragon heads, but overall it is outclassed as an Attack type Wheel. Where L Drago shines is in destabilizing; its left-spin direction combined with huge slopes provide powerful destabilization against the opposing Beyblade. Use In Attack Customization L Drago once worked exceptionally well in the destabilizing attacker MF L Drago 100WF. This combination has since been outclassed, but this section has been kept for informational purposes. The Metal Face increased the weight of the Beyblade, which was important in this case because L Drago was one of the lightest Wheels ever created, and while it did not have terribly high recoil, the fact that it was utilizing a plastic Flat Bottom with less friction than a rubber-based Flat Bottom, made it easier to KO. The 100 Track lowered the Beyblade to a level where it is able to destabilize any opponent, without the risk of scraping the floor with a Track such as 85 or 90. Additionally, it also provided it with a minutely increased amount of precession time, which was vital for this custom, as it regularly won by a fraction of a second. WF provides enough movement speed to help it KO its opponent, while still retaining a relatively high amount of Stamina for an Attack type. When pitted against Defense customizations not utilizing 230 or BD145, this combo had an almost 100% win rate, and won both by KO and out-spin depending on which parts its opponent was using. However, it did perform poorly against Stamina customizations utilizing 230, just as it did against 230-based Defense customs, but against any other height MF L Drago 100WF had a decent chance at victory via KO depending on the condition of the Bottom its opponent is using, the strength of their opponent's launch, and the Wheel being utilized. Versus conventional Attack types utilizing a rubber-based Bottom such as RF, it also had a decent chance at victory (and still does, depending on the attacker it is playing against). However, this was only if it is able to outrun said Bottom, something which was entirely possible with WF's high movement speed that rivaled that of RF. In these instances it also had the ability to win by KO?often by simply "pushing" the opponent out of the stadium as it circles the Tornado Ridge (remember, WF has a tough time retaining the "flower" pattern)?or via out-spin due to its higher Stamina compared to the RF custom. The combo was far from being perfect, but at it's peak, it was a very safe combo to use in a competitive situation, as you almost always had at least a chance of winning. Track: 105 Weight: 1 gram Width with Handles: 22.0 mm Maximum Width: 18.0 mm Minimum Width: 16.0 mm Core Cylinder Diameter: 11.0 mm Full Height: 10.50 mm This track is currently the fourth lowest track available, but is outclassed in terms of Attack and Stamina by the 85, 90, and 100 Tracks. 105 has no problem with floor scrapes, but still is an outclassed part and should only be chosen when none of the aforementioned Tracks are available. Bottom: Flat Weight: 1 gram Full Width: 15.92 mm Tip Width: 4.08 mm Full Height: 8.96 mm Tip Height: 5.96 mm The Flat Bottom has a plastic flat tip, which gives it an offensive movement pattern. It is the equivalent of Flat Core (HMS) or SG Flat (Plastic). The F bottom has a hard time retaining a flower pattern, due to it being plastic, which results in it having less grip to the stadium floor than a rubber bottom. F has been overshadowed by countless other Attack Bottoms such as WF, RF, and R2F. Other Versions L Drago 105F - World Hobby Fair 2009 Exclusive (Gold) L Drago 105F - Prototype, WBBA shop campaign exclusive, only 20 released (Silver) Gallery L Drago 105F - Original Version L Drago 105F L Drago 105F side view L Drago top view L Drago bottom view 105 F L Drago 105F - Gold Version L Drago 105F (Gold, World Hobby Fair Exclusive) L Drago 105F side view L Drago top view L Drago bottom view 105 (World Hobby Fair Exclusive) F (World Hobby Fair Exclusive) Overall When details regarding MFB were first released, one of the major disappointments that Bladers had was the fact that the multi-directional nature of Beyblades as seen in the Heavy Metal System was now a thing of the past. Thus, great interest surrounded the release of L Drago 105F. It was a novel release at the time, as L Drago was the only left-spin MFB available, but overall, it was a competitively disappointing release. Over time, however, L Drago came to find its competitive niche in the Attack custom listed above. That said, again, with time, L Drago fell out of use due to the introduction of parts like 230 and BD145, and the much, much heavier Metal Wheels of the 4D System which KO L Drago with ease. Because the Track, Bottom, and now the Wheel are outclassed, this Beyblade should only be purchased for one's own collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=L_Drago_105F&oldid=13382"
