Lightning L Drago 100HF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Lightning L Drago 100HF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Lightning L Drago 100HF Number: BB-43 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: L Drago 2 Clear Wheel: L Drago 3 Metal Wheel: Lightning 3.1 Use in Attack Customization 4 Track: 100 5 Use in Stamina Customization 6 Use in Attack Customization 7 Use in Defense Customization 8 Bottom: Hole Flat 9 Other Versions 10 Gallery 11 Overall Face: L Drago The Face on this Beyblade depicts a Dragon, Draco, one of the 88 constellations in space. Clear Wheel: L Drago Weight: 3.7 grams The L Drago Clear Wheel features three Dragon-head designs formed to create a circle. It carries a few distinct differences from most of the Hybrid Wheel System; Left-spin only. Unique shape is only compatible with Lightning Metal Wheel. L Drago's unique function is mode change. Turning it 180° allows one to switch between two modes on the Metal Wheel; Upper to Multi-Hit Mode. The Clear Wheel allows this differentiation since it covers three of the six protrusions at all times. Metal Wheel: Lightning Weight: 30 grams This Wheel is characterized by its prominent Smash Attack in Upper Mode. Of the total six protrusions, three are of the ?Upper Mode? and three are of the ?Multi-Hit mode?. To switch between these modes, the Beyblade would need to be disassembled, and then the L Drago Clear Wheel rotated 180°. Of the two available modes it is widely considered that ?Upper Mode? is superior. Contrary to the name, the strength of this wheel doesn?t come from Upper Attack, but Smash Attack. Lightning does suffer from some Recoil, but this problem can easily be rectified with both MF and RF. Paired with the right Track, Lightning can provide a ferocious Smash Attack. Though a good Attack Wheel, Lightning faced problems in beating heavier Defense wheels, most notably Basalt; which was over 17 grams heavier than Lightning. It was also directly outclassed by Blitz and VariAres upon their release in terms of pure Smash Attack. Not only do they both provide better Smash Attack, but they are also significantly heavier; a common attribute among 4D System Metal Wheels when compared to previously released Wheels in the Hybrid Wheel System. Use in Attack Customization A current top-tier Attack combo is MF Lightning L Drago BD145LRF (Upper Mode). Metal Face and LRF help reduce the recoil Lightning experiences, and BD145 boosts Lightning's weight which aids it in creating better smashes and also defending itself when against other Attack combos. Track: 100 Weight: 1.0 grams This track is currently the third lowest track available, but is outclassed in terms of Attack and Stamina by the 85 and 90 Tracks. 100 usually has no problem with floor scrapes, and while it is generally an outclassed part, is still competitively viable, particularly in Attack customizations where it is able to make good contact with most opposing Beyblades. Use in Stamina Customization If 85 or 90 are not available, 100 can be put to use in the custom Earth Bull 100WD. Use in Attack Customization If 85 and 90 are not available, 100 can be put to good use in the combo MF Lightning L Drago 100LRF. Use in Defense Customization If 85 or 90 are not available, 100 can be put to use in the custom MF-H Basalt Kerbecs 100RS. Bottom: Hole Flat Weight: 0.5 gram Full Width: 15.95 mm Tip Width: 4.01 mm Hole Diameter: 2.27 mm Full Height: 8.96 mm Tip Height: 6.02 mm HF has a very similar movement speed to that of F, with the main difference being a slight Stamina improvement due to the hole in the middle of the tip. However, this comes with the detriment of even less grip to the stadium floor than F, as well as increased fragility. Other Versions Lightning L. Drago 100HF Kyokuryuu ver. - Coro Coro Limited Edition (Black Clear Wheel, Track and Bottom; gold Metal Wheel) Lightning L. Drago 100HF - Hasbro Beyblade Metal Fusion Super Vortex Battle Set (Gold chrome Clear wheel, red chrome Metal Wheel, blue Track and Bottom) Lightning L Drago 100HF - Hasbro Faceoff Set Dragon Bite Strike (Clear Wheel with dark blue heads, "L Drago" removed from Face) Gallery Lightning L Drago (Upper Mode) Lightning L Drago (Multi-hit Mode) Lightning L Drago (Upper Mode) Lightning L Drago (Multi-hit Mode) Lightning Metal Wheel Lightning Metal Wheel L Drago Clear Wheel L Drago Clear Wheel 100 Track Hole Flat Overall Lightning L Drago 100HF used to have an extremely powerful Metal Wheel and Clear Wheel combination, but its light weight is no match for several 4D Metal Wheels as well as all the heavy Synchrom Wheels. 100 can be replaced by gimmick Tracks at similar heights, or simply with smaller Tracks, and HF is only considered for disadvantaged environments like Hasbro's stadiums. There is no reason to purchase this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Lightning_L_Drago_100HF&oldid=13394"
