Master Driger - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Master Driger From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Master Driger Number: A-37 System: 5-Layer Type: Attack Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Knight Claws Ring 2 Spin Gear (SG): Right SG 3 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Wide 4 Blade Base (BB): SG Semi-Flat 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Master Driger - Original Version 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Knight Claws Ring Weight: 5 grams Knight Claws Ring?s name is rather descriptive of the part?s appearance: it has three large, triangular bodies with flat protrusions in front, and claw-shaped structures extending behind. These larger wings are connected by very thin sections, which also share the armoured appearance. In right spin, the flatter protrusions in front of the triangular sections are the main contact point, and due to their large, flat shape, they cause a lot of recoil, and only have mediocre Smash Attack ability. The high shock resulting from contact also frequently causes breakage of the relatively thin frame of Knight Claws Ring, and it is not uncommon for them to break after only a few battles. This recoil, combined with the odd shape, also makes Knight Claws Ring completely useless for Survival or Defense. In left spin, the claws of the AR make contact, however, their awkward, outward-facing angle results in heavy recoil, and the weak design often causes them to snap off (if the entire AR doesn?t split in two from the shock first). Due to the high breakage resulting from its flimsy design, and mediocre Smash Attack ability, there is absolutely no reason to use this part. Spin Gear (SG): Right SG See Right SG Weight Disk (WD): Eight Wide See Eight Wide. Blade Base (BB): SG Semi-Flat See SG Semi-Flat. Other Versions Knight Dranzer Blue (Random Booster 6) Grey (Random Booster 6) Fern Green (Random Booster 7) Purple (Random Booster 7) Red (Random Booster 7) BBA Championship Version (Burgundy) Metal Master Version (Copper) Gallery Master Driger - Original Version Front View 3/4 View Bottom View Base - Top View Knight Claws Ring Parts Overall Master Driger contains a fragile, useless AR, and few other parts of note. While it does come with the useful SG Semi-Flat, this is not an uncommon part and is available in many far more useful beyblades, such as Galeon and Flash Leopard. Unless you are desperately in need of SG Semi-Flat and this is your only option to obtain it, there is no reason to by this Beyblade for anything other than collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Master_Driger&oldid=12228"
