Metal Fight Beyblade - Bottom List - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Metal Fight Beyblade - Bottom List From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Contents 1 B: Ball 2 WB: Wide Ball 3 MB: Metal Ball 4 RB: Rubber Ball 5 SB: Sharp Ball 6 JSB: Jog Sharp Ball 7 TB: Twin Ball 8 D: Defense 9 SD: Semi-Defense 10 WD: Wide Defense 11 SWD: Sharp Wide Defense 12 BWD: Big Wide Defense 13 EWD: Eternal Wide Defense 14 S: Sharp 15 BS: Ball Sharp 16 ES: Eternal Sharp 17 MS: Metal Sharp 18 FS: Flat Sharp 19 F: Flat 20 WF: Wide Flat 21 XF: Extreme Flat 22 SF: Semi-Flat 23 RSF: Rubber Semi Flat 24 BSF: Blade Semi Flat 25 WSF: Wide Semi Flat 26 RF: Rubber Flat 27 R²F: Right Rubber Flat 28 RDF: Rubber Defense Flat 29 HF: Hole Flat 30 CF: Circle Flat 31 GCF: Gear Circle Flat 32 Bottom: Giga Flat 33 HF/S: Hole Flat/Sharp 34 Q: Quake 35 RS: Rubber Sharp 36 DS: Defense Sharp 37 CS: Coat Sharp 38 4D - Final Drive (F:D) 39 4D - Delta Drive (D:D) 40 4D - X Drive (X:D) B: Ball B: Ball Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.82 mm Tip Width: 5.88 mm Full Height: 8.98 mm Tip Height: 5.97 mm Ball, as its name suggests, is shaped like a ball. This hemispherical shape provides a large area for the Bottom to make contact with the Stadium floor; hence increasing friction and making it more difficult to knockout. B?s shape also makes it likely to stay in the central areas of the Stadium, hence maximizing the customization?s distance from the Stadium exits. Due to its qualities, this bottom makes a decent choice for Defense Customizations. B can be used if WB is not available. However, both have been outclassed by CS, RSF and RS, all of which inherently have better Defense due to the inclusion rubber. Since it is ball-shaped, this means that it still mostly only has one single point of contact with the stadium floor, and it wears evenly. For those reasons, the B Bottom is also a prized tip for Stamina testing, where variations in Bottom wear can cause considerable differences in performances. Beyblades: Wolf D125B, Escolpio WD145B, Clay Aries ED145B, Counter Leone D125B WB: Wide Ball WB: Wide Ball Weight: 0.7 gram Full Width: 15.73 mm Tip Width: 8.95 mm Full Height: 9.05 mm WB is essentially B, with a larger spherical surface, hence ?wide?. As a result, it is seen as an improvement over B in terms of Defensive qualities. This is because of the greater surface area in contact with the Stadium floor at any one time. However, because of this wider contact area, the Bottom also causes more movement compared to B. This is disadvantageous when facing an Attack type, because the Defense customization is closer to the Stadium exits, hence increasing the likelihood of a KO. To prevent this, many launch WB-based customizations at about 60-70% power, meaning that the Beyblade itself stays in the centre, while retaining the defensive qualities of WB. Although WB was the preferred choice for Defense customizations for a long time, it has since then been outclassed by CS, RSF, and RS. Beyblades: Rock Leone 145WB, Rock Giraffe R145WB MB: Metal Ball MB: Metal Ball Weight: 1.4 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 6.87 mm Full Height: 10.96 mm Tip Height: 7.90 mm MB is a variation of the Ball tip, with its bottom surface made fully out of metal. It has a wide surface area and heavy weight, making it a very versatile tip. Being metal, it provides the low friction needed for longer endurance. Its lack of traction makes it very easy to KO and destabilize. As such, it has only found a home in a small number of combos. Beyblade: Poison Giraffe S130MB, L-Drago Guardian S130MB RB: Rubber Ball RB: Rubber Ball Weight: .82 grams Rubber Ball is essentially a Metal Ball tip, but with rubber as its material instead of metal. It is wider than a regular B Bottom. The plastic part of this tip is dark grey, the same color as the S130 this Beyblade comes with. The rubber is colored pink, unlike the usual red most rubber Bottoms are colored. Like many other rubber Bottoms, it has found use in Defense Customizations. Its wide surface area as well as its grip to the stadium floor, due to the rubber, are very useful to Defense type Beyblades. Also, Rubber Ball's semi-aggressive movement is useful in countering opposing Attack and Stamina Bottoms by, if shot correctly, winning by stadium out. Beyblade: Jade Jupiter S130RB SB: Sharp Ball SB: Sharp Ball Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 9.22 mm Full Height: 8.77 mm Tip Height: 5.01 mm Tip Angle: 25° SB is essentially cone-shaped, with a very subtle rounded tip at its end. It differs from BS exactly for that reason: while BS consists of a ball with a slight sharp tip, SB has the opposite with a sharp base that ends in a more ball-like tip. Beyblade: Guardian Revizer 160SB JSB: Jog Sharp Ball Weight: 0.6 grams As its name suggests, JSB consists of a ball with a slight sharp elongation at its end, with several bumps at the tip, like on Jog Ball. Beyblade: Pirates Killerken A230JSB TB: Twin Ball Weight: grams TB is simply a Wide Ball Bottom with a smaller ball at its tip. This causes it to wobble slightly. Beyblade: Bandid Genbull F230TB D: Defense D: Defense Weight: 0.68 gram Full Width: 15.55 mm Tip Width: 8.94 mm Full Height: 8.89 mm Tip Height: 7.59 mm Tip Angle: 35° This is a Defense Bottom, which acts as a wider version of a Sharp tip. When hit by an opponent, a Beyblade with this Bottom will have lessened recoil and will recover from attacks more efficiently than a Sharp Tip. However, while recovering, the Defense Bottom will cause the Beyblade to lose some stamina, caused by the added friction. Beyblades: Leone 145D, Aries 125D, Vulcan Horuseus 145D, Pirates Orojya 145D SD: Semi-Defense SD: Semi-Defense Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.71 mm Tip Width: 5.64 mm Full Height: 8.78 mm Tip Angle: 30° Just as the Semi-Flat Bottom has a sharper tip than Flat, so too does Semi-Defense when compared to Defense. Before the release of SD, D was the absolute best Stamina Bottom available, but SD quickly took over the top spot. SD is not able to wobble as much as D, so for defensive purposes, D should still be chosen over SD if you are trying to add some Stamina to your Defense custom. That being said, WD would be a better choice than D for that situation, and also arguably for Stamina as well because with the even wider tip. With it, it is allowed to circle the stadium in some situations when it is on a larger angle towards the end of a battle, thus outspinning D or SD based opponents. However, sometimes this does not happen, and SD easily knocks over the wobbling WD custom before it topples over itself. It really comes down to personal preference when deciding whether to use SD or WD because they are so closely matched. For pure Stamina it impossible to tell which would win a given match, but WD would prepare you for more situations by being able to take hits better than SD. Test both and decide for yourself which one works best for what you are trying to do. Beyblades: Dark Bull H145SD, Poison Serpent SW145SD, Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD WD: Wide Defense WD: Wide Defense Weight: 0.7 gram Full Width: 15.53 mm Tip Width: 14.17 mm Full Height: 8.92 mm Tip Height: 6.75 mm Tip Angle: 40° Wide Defense, as its name implies is one of the widest of the ?Defense? series of Bottoms (D, SD, WD, PD, EWD). This brings numerous advantages, but also some disadvantages when compared to the other ?Defense? Bottoms, specifically D. The advantages include its ability for abnormally long precession times due to its massive width that reaches the edge of the Bottom's perimeter. This allows it to wobble at a significantly larger angle for a longer period of time than D, and at a much lower spin rate. However, depending on the position of the Beyblade using WD and the spin rate of the opponent, this can be disadvantageous because of how easy it becomes to knock over the precessing WD custom. This low spin rate towards the end of the battle is created because in the process of wobbling at such a large angle, more friction is made with the stadium floor, thus decreasing its Stamina. Nevertheless, this more often an advantage than it is a disadvantage. Newer parts such as CS, EDS and B:D have overshadowed WD to some degree: CS and EDS due to their ability to be paired with the popular BD145 Track without scraping, and B:D because of its height and even longer precession times, but WD is still one of the best pure Stamina Bottoms available. However, when selecting high Tracks such as TH170 and 230, WD's tendency to wobble at larger angles should be kept in mind, as its extreme precession can often become problematic. Although the name suggests Defensive characteristics, WD does not possess any inherent defensive qualities. However, its proficiency can be increased significantly when facing left-spin Attackers through the utilization of the Weak Shooting technique. Beyblades: Earth Aquila 145WD, Gravity Perseus AD145WD, Flame Byxis 230WD, Basalt Horogium 145WD, Beat Lynx TH170WD, Duo Uranus 230WD, Kreis Cygnus 145WD, Flash Sagittario 230WD SWD: Sharp Wide Defense SWD: Sharp Wide Defense Weight: 0.82 gram Full Width: 15.67 mm Tip Width: 14.58 mm Full Height: 8.96 mm Tip Height: 6.50 mm SWD has an odd shape: it's basically a small sharp tip encased in a straight, circular frame of plastic, leaving a hole between the tip and the frame. From the side, SWD looks like a large FS with a smaller tip. Beyblade: Fusion Hades AD145SWD BWD: Big Wide Defense Weight: 1.0 gram Full Width: mm Tip Width: mm Full Height: mm Tip Height: mm Tip Angle: 30° As its name suggests, BWD is simply a considerably bigger version of WD: while the latter has a clear width separation with its base that locks onto the Track, BWD takes up all this space, and extends lower too. Beyblade: Berserker Begirados SR200BWD EWD: Eternal Wide Defense Weight: 1.2 grams Full Height: 8.37 mm Height w/o base: 7.73 mm Height of fixed tip: 6.54 mm Full width: 15.74 mm Width w/o base: 14.48 mm Width of tip hole: 6.2 mm Free Tip Angle: 35° Overall Angle: 15° EWD is part of a series of existing Bottoms prefixed with Eternal, featuring bearing-based tips. EWD, as its name suggests, is a bearing-implemented version of WD. It features a similar wide shape, but the pointy tip of the Bottom is replaced by a free-spinning sharp piece. This rotates freely, and increases the balance and spin-retention of the Bottom. Beyblade: Killer Beafowl UW145EWD S: Sharp S: Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 4.14 mm Full Height: 8.83 mm Tip Height: 6.82 mm Tip Angle: 35° The Sharp Bottom offers very little movement and as such provides no attack potential. The pointed tip allows for very little friction between the Bottom and the stadium surface, which helps prevent the loss of spin velocity. However, due to the fine nature of the tip, the Bottom is easily knocked off balance, and hence is outclassed by superior alternatives such as D, WD, and SD. Beyblades: Sagittario 145S, Flame Sagittario C145S, Infinity Libra GB145S, Archer Gryph C145S BS: Ball Sharp BS: Ball Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.71 mm Tip Width: 5.64 mm Full Height: 8.78 mm Sharp Tip Angle: 35° BSs performance is quite similar to that of S. BS offers very little movement and as such gives no Attack potential. The pointed tip allows for very little friction between the Bottom and the stadium surface, which helps prevent the loss of spin velocity. BS has decent Stamina, but because the tip is so fine, it experiences the same balance issues that S does. WD, D, and SD are much better choices. Beyblades: Libra DF145BS, Virgo DF145BS, Pisces D125BS, Earth Virgo GB145BS, Bandid Goreim DF145BS ES: Eternal Sharp ES: Eternal Sharp Weight: 1.0 gram Full Width: 15.78 mm Tip Width: 5.04 mm Full Height: 10.63 mm Tip Height: 8.42 mm Tip Angle: 35° Eternal Sharp features a free-spinning tip attached to a metal shaft which is held by the Bottom. The part was one of the most heavily anticipated parts in the MFB lineup when first announced, but ES is actually a hugely disappointing part in terms of performance. Firstly, ES lacks a metal bearing, which would significantly reduce the friction between the free-spinning tip and the rest of the Bottom. All of the best free-spinning tips, notably Bearing Core, had NSK Shield bearings which allowed unhindered spin. Secondly, the tip shape of ES is not conducive to optimum Stamina; the sharp nature of the Bottom means it is easily destabilized. As all Sharp tips do, Eternal Sharp also has trouble regaining balance, hence making this a poor choice for Stamina. That said, ES still remains superior to BS and S as Stamina Bottoms. Beyblades: Flame Libra T125ES, Thermal Pisces T125ES MS: Metal Sharp Weight: 1.30 gram Full Width: 15.76 mm Tip Width: 4.82 mm Full Height: 11.03 mm Tip Height: 8.58 mm Tip Angle: 45° Metal Sharp, as its name implies, is a Sharp tip made of metal, but it is also mounted on a taller base. Its small contact point produces very little friction on the surface of the Stadium floor, even less so than the average Sharp tip. While this quality is useful for Stamina type Bottoms, Metal Sharp suffers from the same inherent faults as all Sharp Bottoms, namely the horrible balances issues, which are worsened by the taller height. As such, this part is outclassed. It should be noted that, due to its namesake properties, Metal Sharp can be very damaging to the stadium floor, especially paired with M145. It should be used with caution. Beyblade: Burn Phoenix 135MS FS: Flat Sharp FS: Flat Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: mm Tip Width: mm Full Height: mm Tip Height: mm Sharp Tip Angle: 40° FS features a flat tip with a smaller, sharper tip in the centre. As a result, when launched at a straight angle, the Beyblade spins on this sharp tip, with very little movement. However, when tilted, either from the contact of an opposing Beyblade or from the launch, the Bottom moves in an offensive pattern. However, it suffers from the same problems as other Balance Bottoms, in that the two qualities are compromised, resulting in mediocre performance in both fields. Beyblades: Gemios DF145FS, Mad Cancer CH120FS, Dark Wolf DF145FS, Killer Gemios DF145FS F: Flat F: Flat Weight: 1 gram Full Width: 15.92 mm Tip Width: 4.08 mm Full Height: 8.96 mm Tip Height: 5.96 mm The Flat Bottom has a flat tip, which gives it an offensive movement pattern. It is the equivalent of Flat Core (HMS) or SG Flat (Plastic). It has difficulties retaining a flower pattern, due to it being plastic, which results in it having less grip on the stadium floor compared to a rubber bottom. F has been overshadowed by numerous Attack Bottoms, such as WF, RF, R2F, XF, LRF, and MF. Beyblades: Pegasis 105F, Aquario 105F, L Drago 105F, Hyper Aquario 105F WF: Wide Flat WF:Wide Flat Weight: 0.6 grams WF, like the name suggests, is a wider version of F. Its significantly larger surface area allows it to travel much faster than F. However, due to the fact that it is plastic, it is slower than RF, as it does not produce as much friction with the stadium floor and is not able to neutralize the recoil of certain Wheels as efficiently as RF. It has also much more trouble maintaining the "flower pattern" from a Sliding Shoot due to this. The upside to its lower friction is that it has much better Stamina than RF, allowing it to be used in destabilizing attackers. Beyblades: Quetzalcoatl 90WF, Bakushin Susanow 90WF, Wing Pegasis 90WF XF: Extreme Flat XF: Extreme Flat Weight: 0.68 gram Full Width: 15.83 mm Tip Width: 5.91 mm Full Height: 9.01 mm Tip Height: 6.28 mm Extreme Flat is a large, plastic Flat tip with four small pieces of plastics spread evenly on the edge of its circumference. It is the widest plastic Flat bottom, as wide as RF, and one of the fastest aggressive tip. Contrasting RF, XF trades controllability and adherence/grip for speed and stamina. XF therefore has a much harder time achieving and maintaining a flower pattern, often switching to Tornado Stalling under inexperienced hands. Compared to MF, XF retains its superior speed, while its width and material gives it the better grip. However, it still has inferior controllability. Difference in Stamina is the most complex comparison between these two Bottoms. MF is a taller Bottom, and its metal tip is smaller than XF?s plastic tip, making it better in conventional, same-spin Stamina. On the other hand, XF?s shorter height and wider tip allows for more precession, making it a better choice for the more unconventional spin-equalizing, where MF would just topple over at low rotational speed. Overall, XF can serve as a potent alternative to RF, adding Stamina to your Attack customizations. However, it is best used in left-spin customizations, where it can make full use of its combined Attack and spin-equalizing capabilities. Beyblades: Mercury Anubis 85XF, Omega Dragonis 85XF SF: Semi-Flat SF: Semi-Flat Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.48 mm Tip Width: 4.12 mm Flat Tip Width: 1.94 mm Full Height: 8.96 mm Tip Height: 6.54 mm This tip is Semi-Flat. It provides a semi-aggressive movement pattern. SF exhibits increased Defense over the Sharp and Defense Bottoms due to the increased friction. The downside is that Stamina is decreased and causes the Beyblade to move around more, exposing it to an Attack type. The trade-off in stamina for stability makes it inferior to SD and WD in terms of Stamina. Semi-Flat tip is usually used in Balance type Beyblades as it combines aspects of Attack, Defense and Stamina. Beyblades: Bull 125SF, Dark Cancer CH120SF RSF: Rubber Semi Flat RSF: Rubber Semi Flat Weight: 0.7 grams RSF, or Rubber Semi-Flat, is an SF Bottom completely made out of rubber. It is essentially a flat tip with a smaller radius, affording it a firm, defensive grip on the Stadium, but still allowing for a somewhat aggressive movement pattern with the proper launch. Its drawbacks, however, are that it has shown major weaknesses against Left-Spin Beyblades such as Lightning L Drago, much like RS. RSF, like most Rubber Performance Tips, suffers from poor Stamina, although it has been shown to have slightly more Stamina than RS, due to a wider surface area, resulting in better balance at the end of a battle. RSF has two Mold variations. The first mold, released with Ray Gil 100RSF and Blitz Unicorno 100RSF, has a harder rubber than the second mold, which was released in Random Booster Vol.7 Beat Lynx, specifically with the Bey Tornado Horuseus 130RSF. The second mold appears to be made of a softer rubber, and as a result behaves more aggressively than the first mold. This should be taken into consideration when choosing a method of obtaining an RSF. Beyblades: Ray Gil 100RSF, Blitz Unicorno 100RSF BSF: Blade Semi Flat Weight: 1.19 gram Full Width: 19.70 mm Inner Blade Width: 16.04 mm Tip Width: 5.50 mm Flat Tip Width: 2.66 mm Full Height: 10.89 mm Tip Height: 7.48 mm Tip Angle: 40° BSF: Blade Semi-Flat While its tip is a simple Semi Flat one, it is mounted on an imposing base with a linear row of blades around it. These blades are generally shaped just like LW160's wings, however they are less spaced. BSF was clearly designed for optimal use in Zero-G Stadiums, where the blades on this Bottom could come into contact with the Stadiums' slope, considering the many angles that are possible in their new swaying gimmick. Beyblade: Dark Knight Dragooon LW160BSF WSF: Wide Semi Flat WSF is simply a Semi Flat Bottom with a slightly wider flat section, and with a wider base. In other terms, it forms a bigger cut cone than SF was. Two sets of spiky shapes are also on either side of the main tip part, possibly to create a relation with Archer Gargole, the Beyblade this Bottom was introduced with. Beyblade: Archer Gargole SA165WSF RF: Rubber Flat RF: Rubber Flat SonoKong mold: left, TAKARA-TOMY mold: right Weight: 0.8 gram Full Width: 15.82 mm Tip Width: 5.55 mm Full Height: 11.09 mm Tip Height: 7.97 mm RF, as its name implies has a flat, hard rubber tip, with a small indentation on the base of the tip. Its tip has just about the same width as WF, and is the second highest Bottom next to HF/S, which makes the shortest Track, 85, particularly useful in combination with this part. By using its wide surface area and rubber material, the Bottom has a large amount of traction against the stadium floor, resulting in a such a fast and powerful attack pattern that it often renders itself useless by self-KOing the Beyblade it is being used on. Part of the blame for this problem can be put on the poor Tornado Ridge of the Attack Stadium, but the fact remains that RF was designed long after the release of the Attack Stadium, and should be able to maintain itself within it. To alleviate this problem it is recommended that you never use a brand new RF in any sort of competitive situation, as its likelihood of self-KOing is much higher; wear it down a little with some practice battles first. When this is done, the rapid movement of RF may subside slightly, but it becomes more controllable, and thus, more useful. The use of rubber and the friction it creates with the stadium floor does lower its Stamina in comparison to plastic flat tips such as F and WF, but this is usually not a problem as an Attack types goal is to KO the other Beyblade, and it also helps reduce the recoil of violent wheels such as Sagittario. RF has three different molds. Some of the original TAKARA-TOMY RFs tend to spin around freely when twisted between fingers, due to the circular nature of the rubber that held the tip itself into place. However this problem was rectified by the SonoKong mold which flattened two opposite sides of the rubber that holds the tip itself into the plastic section of the Bottom itself. The flattened sides make it impossible to spin the tip freely, thus solving the problem. Hasbro's release of RF has a thick bar in the middle of the tip that secures the rubber. The performance difference between the three molds is negligible, but it is likely that the SonoKong and Hasbro molds would be more sturdy by not spinning around. Beyblade: Storm Pegasis 105RF R²F: Right Rubber Flat File:GalaxyPegasisR²Fbottom.jpg R²F File:R²F-Mold2.jpg Original Hasbro Mold File:R²F-Mold3.jpg GanGan Galaxy Mold Weight: 0.8 grams Right Rubber Flat, shortened to R²F, is?competitively speaking?the most vital part of this Beyblade. R²F is very similar to RF, and is an overall upgraded version of it. R²F consists of six curved rubber spikes that face to the right intended predominantly for use in right-spin combos. This new design creates more traction with the stadium floor, causing it to move more quickly than its predecessor, RF. However, its stamina is decreased due to the increase in speed and friction compared to the original RF. This also means an R²F will wear down faster than an RF. Since this is a rubber Attack Bottom, a new R²F is harder to control than a new RF, mainly because it moves much faster. This makes RF a good choice for controllability and stamina, while R²F is a better choice for speed and power. Like RF however, it is essential to wear the rubber of R²F before competitive use, as this allows the Beyblade to spin into a "flower pattern" more easily. A clear sign that shows when an R²F is in its prime is when the indented lines that form a star shape inside R²F's perimeter are nearly gone. Throughout the course of its release, each company (Takara-Tomy, Sonokong, Hasbro) has released its own mold of R²F which revolved around the different placement of a 'bar' on the inside of the tip, (or lack thereof) which seem to be made at random. The Takara Tomy and Sonokong mold contains a thick bar in the middle of the tip, securing the rubber of R²F. Hasbro's original release of R²F has no bar in the middle, yet a space for one which in reality provides no support for the rubber tip. This mold is known to be very shaky. The Hasbro GanGan Galaxy Set release provides was a quasi-barred R²F which has 2 separated bars in the middle, as usual, but are not actually connected at the center. Beyblade: Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F RDF: Rubber Defense Flat Weight: 1.1 grams Full Width: 15.89 mm Tip Width: 14.81 mm Full Height: 10.20 mm Tip Height: 8.49 mm Tip Angle: 80° Tip Angle with encasing: 30° Rubber Defense Flat RDF is an odd combination of shapes to hypothetically form a tip with both Defense and Attack abilities. This Bottom consists of a very wide plastic encasing which holds a rubber tip with a large, flat surface and a small protuberance in the middle which ends in another flat point. The rubber, which constitutes the actual tip, comes very flush with the plastic structure that contains it. In actual performance, it is similar to CS in the sense that it can have an aggressive pattern and a Defensive pattern. The release of RDF essentially made RS irrelevant, since it is just as effective, if not more, but also because of certain key differences. First, its superior height and better balance allows RDF to be used with the best defensive Track available at the time, BD145, without being hindered by floor scraping. Secondly, RDF has much more Stamina than RS, which was always an obstacle to the latter. When shot in a standard manner, it is stationary, much like the S tip. When weak launched, it is similar to a worn RS' movement patterns which is usually a light circling around the center of the stadium. When banked, the outer plastic part of RDF comes into contact with the stadium causing instability and erratic behavior, much like an aggressive CS, but with more grip as it has a much larger surface area of flat rubber and plastic. When contact is made with the opposing Beyblade, RDF may tilt and fall onto its outer ring and begin an aggressive movement again, before regaining balance relatively quickly. Stamina-wise, it is a tad inferior to CS and should therefore not be used for Stamina purposes. Wearing does occur with RDF, like any other rubber-based tip, and it is recommended you buy a mint one for optimum Defensive performance. Beyblade: Death Quetzalcoatl 125RDF HF: Hole Flat HF: Hole Flat Weight: 0.5 gram Full Width: 15.95 mm Tip Width: 4.01 mm Hole Diameter: 2.27 mm Full Height: 8.96 mm Tip Height: 6.02 mm HF has a very similar movement speed to that of F, with the main difference being a slight Stamina improvement due to the hole in the middle of the tip. But, with this comes the detriment of even less grip to the stadium floor than F, and also increased fragility. Beyblades: Capricorne 100HF, Lightning L Drago 100HF, Cyber Pegasis 100HF, Thermal Lacerta WA130HF CF: Circle Flat Weight: 2.5 gram Full Width: 33.80 mm Tip Width: mm Full Height: 8.86 mm Angle to real flat tip: 50° This is a Flat Bottom with a large circle around it, fixed at its base, similar to D125's own ring. The circle helps embrace the acute slope of the stadium, which is useful in such an swaying environment as the Zero-G Stadium Attack Type. Beyblade: Samurai Ifraid W145CF GCF: Gear Circle Flat Weight: 2.5 gram Full Width: 33.47 mm Tip Width: mm Full Height: 8.88 mm As an upgraded version of Circle Flat, GCF is a Flat Bottom with a slightly larger tip, mounted by a huge disk. Instead of its circumference being smooth like CF however, its edges are cut in places to form the shape of a mechanical gear. This gimmick is meant to embrace the curve of the Zero-G stadiums and also create less smooth movement patterns around the stadium for the Beyblade using GCF. Beyblade: Thief Phoenic E230GCF Bottom: Giga Flat Weight: grams Pronounced "Guee-gah Flat", this Bottom is a bolder, larger and slightly taller version of the XF tip. It notably does not have the plastic lines on its side, like the Extreme Flat Bottom has. Beyblade: Gladiator Bahamdia SP230GF HF/S: Hole Flat/Sharp Weight: 0.9 gram Full Width: 15.77 mm Tip Width: 4.89 mm Sharp Tip Width: 2.72 mm Full Height: 11.85 mm Tip Height: 11.75 mm Tip Angle: 45° HF/S (Sharp Mode) HF/S (Hole Flat Mode) HF/S is the tallest Bottom to date. HF/S? gimmick is mode-change. The idea behind the mode-change is potent as it allows users to adapt their strategy between rounds, so that they can adjust their type to counter their opponents. The user is able to change the tip manually between Hole Flat, and Sharp, by rotating the lower portion of the Bottom: Sharp Mode: There are balance problems associated with the Sharp Mode because of its height, and also just because it is a Sharp tip, which always have poor balance. There is no reason to choose this over Bottoms such as D, SD, or WD. Hole Flat Mode: Compared to the original HF Bottom, the HF of HF/S is much wider to accommodate enough space for the Sharp Bottom to fit through when changed. It is just as wide as WF, and as a result, is one of the fastest moving Bottoms available aside from RF. Its usefulness in traditional low Attack customizations is somewhat hindered by it being the tallest Bottom released to date, but the speed is still there, so it does have use. Currently there are no competitive customizations utilizing HF/S, but it is an interesting Bottom to experiment with. Beyblade: Wind Aquario 100HF/S Q: Quake Second Mold Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 16.5 mm Tip Width: 6 mm Full Height: 9 mm Tip Height: 3.50 mm Cutoff Height: 1 mm Declination Length: 4 mm Declination Angle: ~ 30° Quake is a uniquely shaped Bottom; it is similar to a wider version of Extreme Flat, but with a 45° cut through it. As a result, it is non symmetrical. In practice, this performs similarly to WF in movement, albeit with small jumps. The Bottom is clearly designed to be combined with M145 to produce the jumping gimmick. In fact, on top of the two modes M145 already has, Q adds two other modes to this combination. Although without official names, they are achieved by either positioning the angled side of Q towards the center of the Beyblade, or towards the outside. Bringing the total of mode changes to four, all of them are still useless, but the position of the angled side when in Small Jump mode can at least slightly compensate for the off-center connectors, because the flat part of the tip is brought as close to the center as possible while the decline faces the exterior. Two molds of Q exist: the first mold has the most acute angle, leaving barely a milimeter of flat surface to the end of the tip. This sharp change creates a lot of erratic movements to an otherwise normal flat Bottom's pattern. When paired with M145, this mold therefore greatly accentuates the height of the jumps in both Large and Small Jump modes, decreasing the Beyblade's Stamina even more. The first mold is only available in TAKARA-TOMY's Booster of Storm Capricorne M145Q. The second mold leaves quite a few more milimeters of flat tip before cutting into a sharp angle. Logically, this less severe decline brings more calm to Q's movement pattern while still causing intermittent small jumps once in a while. All of Hasbro's Q and all of the later releases of Q by TAKARA-TOMY and SonoKong are of this second mold. Beyblade:Storm Capricorne M145Q RS: Rubber Sharp RS: Rubber Sharp Weight: 0.8 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 6.87 mm Full Height: 10.96 mm Tip Height: 7.90 mm Tip Angle: 80° As its name suggests, RS is a sharp tip made of rubber, and with that, all of the problems sharp tips are known for, as well as the poor Stamina of rubber-based bottoms, and their tendency to wear down after extensive use, are brought along with it. However, RS's primary purpose is to counteract Attack customizations. The high friction of the rubber, along with the lack of movement due to the sharp tip make it incredibly difficult to move, and thus, KO. RS does seem to have difficulty sometimes outlasting left-spinning customs, but against right-spin Attack customs, despite its poor balance and Stamina, it is able to effectively neutralize them. Beyblades: Grand Ketos T125/WD145RS DS: Defense Sharp DS: Defense Sharp Weight: 0.73 gram Full Width: 15.83 mm Tip Width: 8.93 mm Sharp Tip Width: 3.80 mm Full Height: 8.86 mm Tip Height: 7.91 mm DS is essentially a hollowed out Defense bottom with a thinner Sharp tip placed in the middle, leaving a gap in between it and the outer "ring" that is created. There is no reason to use this Bottom over the multitude of other options available for both Stamina and Defense, such as RS, CS, WD, and SD. Beyblade: Hell Kerbecs BD145DS CS: Coat Sharp CS: Coat Sharp Weight: 0.8 gram Full Width: 15.88 mm Tip Width: 5.46 mm Sharp Tip Width: 2.79 mm Full Height: 10.95 mm Tip Height: 7.89 mm Tip Angle: 20-25° The "Sharp" in "Coat Sharp" is derived from the standard plastic S series Bottoms, while the "Coat" refers to the rubber coating that now surrounds the sharp tip. CS acts similar to FS and the Metal Change Core from the HMS era. Because of the rubber coating, different ?sometimes odd? attack patterns can be produced by CS. When launched at an angle or hit onto the Beystadium's slope, it will move more aggressively due to the increase in the amount of traction going from the sharp tip, to the rubber coating. Unforunately however, when CS will begin to move aggressively is often unpredictable, and when it does happen, it usually circles the Tornado Ridge, rather than sweeping into the centre of the Beystadium, as if you had Banked or done Sliding Shoot. That said, while CS's aggressive movement can be unpredictable, this is often not a large issue, because some CS's actually cannot be shot or hit into "attack mode" at all. This can be a boon or bane depending on what your Beyblade and strategy is. CS's also has top-tier Defense capabilities, particularly the ones which have trouble moving aggressively. The rubber coat allows for more friction once it gets moved onto the Beystadium's slope, causing more grip, which helps in defending against oncoming attacks. While the defense that the rubber coating of CS provides is good, it is unquestionably inferior to that of RS and RSF. However, what you might lose in defensive ability, you more than gain back in Stamina; for this reason, CS is often used over RS and RSF, which both have incredibly poor Stamina. CS is even used over Bottoms such as those from the Defense series (WD, SD, etc.) as well sometimes, especially on higher Tracks such as 230, which are only made stronger with the additional height of CS, without sacrificing very much Stamina. Beyblade: Ray Unicorno D125CS 4D - Final Drive (F:D) F:D (Final Drive) F:D (Final Drive) Weight: 5.85 gram Full Width: 27.78 mm Full Height: 21.18 mm Tip Height at rubber: 19.65 mm F:D is a 4D Bottom, a fusion between a Track and a Bottom. It is therefore fairly large, to compensate for this merge of two parts. The main gimmick of this 4D Bottom is the automatic change of tip that activates during battle, where the SF-shaped tip retracts inside the base to allow the very wide rubber-coated, Hole-Flat-like shape to make contact with the stadium floor. This mechanism works because two tabs on the side of F:D pull out from the centrifugal force. When they extend, the SF tip comes out of the hole, and when the centrifugal force decreases because the Beyblade loses spin, the tabs pop back inwards and the SF bottom retreats, leaving an aggressive rubber tip with a hole in it. F:D has only found use in niche Anti-Meta combos, but is otherwise ruined by the automatic gimmick which cannot be stopped, therefore it is competitively useless. The intent of the mechanism is to give one last boost of energy to an Attack type, however at such low velocity, the hits are poor, it gets destabilized, and the added rubber surface only serves to lower the customization?s stamina drastically, which is actually how most Beyblades try to win at the end of a BeyBattle. Beyblade: Big Bang Pegasis F:D 4D - Delta Drive (D:D) D:D WB Mode D:D S Mode Weight: 5.5 grams Height (Wide Ball): 20.89 mm Height (Flat): 20.25 mm Height (Sharp): 21.19 mm Angle (Sharp): 40° D:D is of a round shape with a translucent black colour, and with a height comparable to 145WD. Like most 4D Bottoms, D:D's gimmick is mode change-related. Like Dranzer F's Flame Change Base from the Plastic generation, D:D has the gimmick of triple mode change. D:D features a Sharp Bottom, a Wide Ball Bottom, and a Flat Bottom all on one axis, which can be changed manually between battles. To change modes, the tip can be pulled out slightly, rotated on its axis, and then pushed back in on the new tip. D:D is evidently an incredibly versatile bottom, but this versatility is made useless by the fact that the Bottoms encased are all outclassed in one way or another; S is outclassed by WD, WB is outclassed by CS, and F is outclassed by RF. Beyblade: VariAres D:D 4D - X Drive (X:D) Weight: 7.21 gram Full Width: 37.95 mm Full Height: 22.98 mm Second Height: 21.01 mm X:D (X Drive) X:D is the widest 4D Bottom to have been made. It extends almost all the way to the end of Diablo, to stop right within its Metal Frame. Following the same principle that Diablo Nemesis X:D is a collection of several Beyblades' features, X:D mixes L Drago Destroy's F:S and Big Bang Pegasis's F:D, in a way, but it mainly inherits from VariAres's D:D. X:D has three tips: XF, S, and a new one called S²D, for Stern Semi Defense. Stern is a German word for "star", and it appears specifically when talking about the Nemesis. Its tip change can be both automatic or fixed. In Attack Mode, you can choose XF or S, while in Ultimate Balance Mode, where it is only compatible with Diablo, you can automatically go from XF to S to S²D, or in the opposite order if the Beyblade fighting it hits Diablo Nemesis in the other direction or spins left itself. When launching, you can choose which tip you start on. The mechanism housed inside X:D to provide the automatic tip change and tip selection is quite complex. For the fixed states, it all depends on the slight manual rotation of some flaps on the underside of this 4D Bottom. When the flap is more towards the left, its Extreme Flat Bottom is exposed, but when it gets turned towards slight right, the sharp tip protrudes. For the Ultimate Balance Mode, two small tabs simply get pushed down by the shapes of Diablo's Metal Frame, which contracts the spring inside X:D and makes the sharp tip come out more. In Attack Mode, to choose the tip, you need to push those tabs down, and then rotate the inner flaps. Beyblade: Diablo Nemesis X:D Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Metal_Fight_Beyblade_-_Bottom_List&oldid=12276"
