Metal Fight Beyblade - Wheel List - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Metal Fight Beyblade - Wheel List From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Contents 1 Metal System - Wheels 1.1 Pegasis 1.2 Bull 1.3 Sagittario 1.4 Leone 1.5 Wolf 1.6 Aries 1.7 Libra 1.7.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 1.8 Aquario 1.8.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 1.9 Virgo 1.9.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 1.10 L Drago 1.11 Escolpio 1.12 Pisces 1.13 Gemios 1.14 Capricorne 2 Hybrid Wheel System - Metal Wheel 2.1 Storm 2.2 Dark 2.3 Rock 2.3.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variation 2.4 Flame 2.5 Lightning 2.6 Earth 2.6.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 2.7 Killer 2.8 Thermal 2.9 Burn 2.9.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 2.10 Poison 2.11 Galaxy 2.12 Ray 2.12.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 2.13 Gravity 2.13.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 2.14 Grand 2.15 Cyber 2.16 Counter 2.17 Meteo 2.18 Divine 2.19 Bakushin 2.20 Hell 2.21 Screw 2.22 Vulcan 2.23 Metal Wheel: Basalt 3 4D System - 4D Metal Wheels 3.1 Big Bang 3.1.1 PC Frame 3.1.2 Metal Frame 3.1.3 Core 3.2 Fang 3.3 L-Drago Destroy 3.3.1 Metal Frame 3.3.2 Core 3.4 Beat 3.4.1 PC Frame 3.4.2 Core 3.5 Scythe 3.6 VariAres 3.7 Jade 3.7.1 Metal Frame 3.7.2 Core 3.7.3 MOLD VARIATION: Hasbro's Metal Fury Version 3.8 Blitz 3.8.1 Metal Frame 3.8.2 Core 3.9 Phantom 3.9.1 Metal Frame 3.9.2 Core 3.10 Death 3.10.1 Metal Frame 3.10.2 Core 3.11 Duo 3.11.1 Metal Frame 3.11.2 Core 3.12 Wing 3.12.1 Metal Frame 3.12.2 Core 3.13 L-Drago Guardian 3.13.1 Metal Frame 3.13.2 Core 3.14 Diablo 3.14.1 Metal Frame 3.14.2 Core 3.15 Fusion 3.15.1 Metal Frame 3.15.2 Rubber Frame 3.15.3 Core 3.16 Kreis 3.16.1 Metal Frame 3.16.2 Core 3.17 Flash 3.17.1 Metal Frame 3.17.2 Core 4 Zero-G System - Chrome Wheels 4.1 Ifraid 4.2 Saramanda 4.3 Orojya 4.4 Phoenic 4.5 Revizer 4.6 Gryph 4.7 Killerken 4.8 Dragooon 4.9 Gargole 4.10 Goreim 4.11 Begirados 4.12 Genbull 4.13 Balro 4.14 Girago 4.15 Wyvang 4.16 Pegasis 4.17 Bahamdia Metal System - Wheels Pegasis Weight: 36 grams Full Width: 43.5 to 44.0 mm Highest discontinued point: 13.0 mm Maximum Height: 9.7 mm Minimum Height: 6.5 mm Upward Declination: ~ 28° Pegasis Wheel Pegasis consists of a three-winged design. Each of the three sections has a flat front that connects the protrusions. The segments slightly curve upwards in the shape of wings, with two pointed ridges near the end. Hoove-like parts can also be observed in the design. Beyblade: Pegasis 105F, Pegasis 145D Bull Weight: 36 Grams Bull Wheel The Bull Wheel consists of two long, sloped wings adjacent to each other, both ending in a point. Along with this, there are two half-circles on a slight incline in the space between the slopes, emulating the nose rings sometimes worn by bulls. Bull was originally considered to be one of the most offensive MFB Wheels, but was subsequently outclassed with the release of Quetzalcoatl. The design of Bull is similar to that of Quetzalcoatl. Despite this similarity, there is one key difference: the Smash Attack points. Both are visibly different (as shown on the right); this is the major factor contributing to the vast difference in their performance. Quetzalcoatl, but more so Bull, appear to have impressive Upper Attack slopes, but in reality; as with most MFB Wheels, they do not exhibit Upper Attack in battle. Beyblade: Bull 125SF, Bull 145S Sagittario Sagittario Wheel The Sagittario Wheel is generally round featuring two large crescents forming Sagittario's bows with another two small spaces in between. This Wheel has been severely outclassed by the likes of Burn , Flame and even Earth as a Survival Wheel, therefore it cannot measure at all against top-tier Stamina Metal Wheels such as Duo. Due to its aggression, it could be well utilized as a Smash Attacker with the ability to score some amazing KO's thanks to its compacted weight around the edges. However, it has since been completely outclassed by the much heavier Metal Wheels and Chrome Wheels released such as Girago, Flash, VariAres, etc. which have more aggressive features. Beyblade: Sagittario 145S, Sagittario 125SF Leone Weight: 38 grams Maximum Outer Diameter: 43.57 Millimeters Maximum Height: 8.97 Millimeters Leone Wheel The Leone Wheel has six protrusions, each separated by v-shaped gaps, resembling the paws of a lion. Three of the protrusions have a purple marking on them, with the paws sloping slightly down and curving outwards. The rest of the three protrusions have the paws sloped outwards and downwards, with no paint marks. Leone's Wheel has been designed to be very compact although due to the high recoil of this wheel it has been outclassed for defensive purposes by Earth, Libra and even Rock. Its aggressive design better lends itself to Attack customizations, such as MF Leone H145RF, MF Leone R145RF, or Leone 100RF. Beyblade: Leone 145D, Leone 105F Wolf Weight: 36 Grams Wolf Wheel The Wolf Wheel has two sides which consist of four close spikes that are meant for Smash Attack. On each side, the words "Wolf Wheel" are engraved. However, there are many problems with these metal protrusions that negate the use of Wolf; the largest one being that the spikes face counter-clockwise, which causes a massive decrease in stamina when the other, right-spin Beyblade hits it. Because of the counter-clockwise facing spikes, its potential to Smash Attack is also hindered because of its own spin direction, which causes the flatter side of the spikes hit to the opposing top. Beyblade: Wolf D125B, Wolf 105F Aries Beyblade: Aries 125D, Aries 145D Libra Weight: 40.5 grams Libra's design is very circular, with numerous extremely small notches surrounding its perimeter. This, combined with its fairly heavy weight in proportion to other Wheels, made Libra one of the best Defense-oriented Wheels available for many years. It has since been outclassed many times over by Wheels such as Basalt. Prior to the release of Basalt, Libra was the heaviest Wheel ever produced. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Libra Wheel - Old mold: left, New mold: right Libra has three different molds. The first mold was released in BB-18 Booster Libra DF145BS and BB-22 Bey Reshuffle Set Stamina & Defense Type, and the second in BB-25 Random Booster Vol.2 Legend Pisces. The second mold addressed breaking problems that the original mold faced by reinforcing the underside of four sections of the Wheel (pictured to the right). The performance of each mold varies from Wheel to Wheel; some are slightly heavier than others, which would make them better suited for Defense customizations, while lighter ones would be more effective in Stamina customs, the difference however is negligible. The third mold is released in BB-96 Beyblade Super Deck Set; this new mold is now allowed by WBBA regulations as adding a Metal face will result in the weight of 47.36g. Beyblade: Libra DF145BS Aquario Weight: 35.5 grams Aquario Wheel This Wheel is generally rounded with four textured fins protruding from its circumference, forming waves. Between these fins are empty semicircles used to prevent (early) breakage. Aquario, just like Wolf, has its protrusions facing the opposite way to its spin direction, presumably to avoid the massive Recoil that would be experienced if they had been facing the right direction. Since only the rounded parts of the protrusions can be used for Attack, its offensive potential is mediocre. The considerable space between each wave also prevents it from being efficient in Defense and Stamina, as it would need a more united, even rounder shape. At release, the fins of Aquario provided a decent amount of Smash Attack, but now it definitely does not compare to the existing top-tier Wheels, and many other Wheels from lower tiers even. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations A second mold variation of the Aquario Wheel was introduced when this bey was re-released as a "PREMIUM RETURN" in BB-72 Booster Aquario 105F, in order to correspond with the "Beyblade Metal Fight Explosion", the second season of the anime. This new mold is slightly heavier compared to the first mold, but the effect this has on the Beyblade's performance is minimal to non-existent. The exact weight is 36.6 grams. This second mold also uses a darker colour of paint. Beyblade: Aquario 105F Virgo Weight: 37 grams Virgo Wheel Virgo is one of the most smooth, circular Wheels currently available. Its circular shape is composed of two large, and long slopes which connect with each other to form the circle; however, despite their appearance, they don't offer any effective Upper Attack. These properties lend themselves well to Stamina, and despite its relatively average weight in comparison to other Wheels, Virgo had once found its place among the best Stamina-based Wheels available. However, it has since been outclassed greatly. There is no reason to use this Wheel competitively. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations One very important thing to note is the different mold variations that have been discovered for Virgo. Just looking at the Wheels themselves, it is impossible to tell what the actual difference in the mold is. However, through testing, it has been determined that there is balance issues that certain Virgo Wheels encounter. Some of them have been reported not having a solo spin time above three minutes while others are able to spin for over five minutes. The disparities between the Virgo Wheels cannot be ignored, so it is encouraged to test your Virgo Wheel by itself before using it. Beyblade: Virgo DF145BS L Drago Weight: 32 grams L Drago Wheel The L Drago Wheel is the first in the series of "L Drago"s, and was thus the first left-spin Wheel released. Its design consists of three dragon heads facing counter-clockwise. The heads are flat where the "snout" and teeth of the dragons are and taper in a slope-like form towards the "horn" and "neck" of the dragons, where the thickest part of the wheel is. Beyblade: L Drago 105F Escolpio Weight: 31 Grams Escolpio Wheel Escolpio's design consists of two large scorpion tails connected at each end in a relatively circular shape. The top of each tail is adorned with red rectangles to resemble the divisions on a scorpion's body. Given the circular nature Escolpio has, it may seem suited for Defense and Stamina, as most defensive and endurance Wheels require an uninterrupted rounded shape, which Escolpio is close to having, save for the small crevices created by the lines dividing the sections of the tails. However, Escolpio is not a very good choice for Defense or Stamina despite its ideal shape. This is because the underside of this Wheel is completely hollow, like a bell. As such, it lacks the heavy weight necessary to perform well in either category. Beyblade: Escolpio WD145B Pisces Weight: 35.4 grams Pisces Wheel Pisces features two shark heads aligned in the clockwise direction, which gradually become thinner towards the tails. The shark motif is extended to the topside of the Wheel, where a row of shark teeth are positioned next to the entry points for the Launcher prongs. The heads of the sharks are pointed at the end, although the contact points are not exposed prominently enough to provide any significant Smash Attack. The rest of the Wheel is relatively round and smooth, affording it Stamina properties. Pisces is also a relatively heavy Metal System Wheel, and combined with its uninterrupted shape, can provide ample defensive properties. The Wheel has since been outclassed as both a Stamina and Defense Wheel however by a plethora of options such as Earth, which produces significantly less recoil, and Basalt, which is significantly heavier. Beyblade: Pisces D125BS, Pisces DF145BS Gemios Weight: 36 grams Gemios Wheel The Gemios Wheel has a smooth, thick, two winged design. Each wing on Gemios ends with a slightly sloped, rounded edge. Both wings do provide some adequate Smash Attack, but it is somewhat effective early in the battle while retaining a high spin rate. Finally, the gap between Gemios's wings causes too much recoil, taking away any possible stamina and defensive ability. Gemios has been completely outclassed for a long time when compared to other top-tier Attack Wheels. There is no reason to use this Wheel in a competitive situation. Beyblade: Gemios DF145FS Capricorne Weight: 32.5 grams Capricorne Wheel Capricorne's design has two main elements related to a goat: at two opposite ends, there are some hooves with two toes each, and on the right of those start one set of two long, curved horns each. To avoid breaking issues, flat metal connects both horns at their end, but also with the side of the hoof. These precautions and the design create an overall very circular shape with some very simple slopes. Beyblade: Capricorne 100HF Hybrid Wheel System - Metal Wheel Storm Weight: 30.4 grams Storm Metal Wheel The main shape of Storm consists of three wing-like forms, each with slightly jagged ends, which are used for mediocre Smash Attack. While paired with a 100 track and a Rubber Flat Bottom, Storm was once a top tier Metal Wheel. It has since been outclassed by countless other Metal Wheels, such as Vulcan, Lightning and Blitz. Storm should not be considered for competitive use, unless there are absolutely no other available options. Beyblades: Storm Pegasis 105RF, Storm Aquario 100HF/S, Storm Capricorne M145Q Dark Weight: 31.4 grams Dark Metal Wheel Dark has twelve spikes facing the clockwise direction. These protrusions are closely packed together with minimal space between each, resulting in an overall round shape. This shape hinders the Metal Wheel in two ways: its protrusions are not pronounced enough to provide sufficient Smash Attack, while the perimeter is interrupted too frequently for sufficient Stamina. Additionally, its weight is distributed over too large a surface area. There is thus no reason to use Dark in any competitive situation whatsoever Beyblades: Dark Wolf DF145FS, Dark Cancer CH120SF, Dark Bull H145SD Rock Weight: 31.4 grams Rock Metal Wheel Rock has six large protrusions with small, shallow gaps between each one. It also overhangs the Track much like the original Leone Metal Wheel, although to a smaller extent. Rock is outclassed in every possible way however, even if it had minimal potential in Smash Attack at a certain era. Its Recoil is too important, its weight is unable to compete with most Metal Wheels, and its rounded shape is too passive to be any real threat in Attack. IMPORTANT: Mold Variation Rock has 3 different Molds: 0 Cylinders (31.4 grams), 3 Cylinders (32.6 grams), and 6 Cylinders (32.7 grams). The 0 Cylinder Mold is only available from TAKARA-TOMY products, while the 3 and 6 Cylinder Molds are available from both Takara Tomy and Hasbro products. Rock suffers from recoil, but the best way to tame this is to use a Mold with more Cylinders, as more Cylinders result in less Recoil. The 6 Cylinder Mold has the most Stamina of the three, due to the weight of the Cylinders carrying the momentum around the outside of the wheel. It is also superior to the other Molds, in terms of attack and defense. Beyblades: Rock Leone 145WB, Rock Aries ED145B, Rock Escolpio T125JB, Rock Giraffe R145WB Flame Weight: 32.5 grams Flame Metal Wheel The Metal Wheel Flame was first released with Flame Sagittario C145S. It is predominantly circular, with two small spikes and two additional smaller gaps on its circumference. The Wheel is relatively thin throughout, with the very edge of the Wheel being slightly thicker. Due to the design of Flame where the Wheel?s perimeter is raised slightly, more of the Track below is exposed compared to other Wheels, hence making it easier for other Beyblades to strike its Track. This significantly reduces its Defense capabilities. However, the raised perimeter allows slightly more wobbling time, as the raised track reduces floor scraping. Beyblade: Flame Sagittario C145S, Flame Libra T125ES, Flame Byxis 230WD Lightning Weight: 30 grams Lightning Metal Wheel This Wheel is characterized by its prominent Smash Attack in Upper Mode. Of the total six protrusions, three are of the ?Upper Mode? and three are of the ?Multi-Hit mode?. To switch between these modes, the Beyblade would need to be disassembled, and then the L Drago Clear Wheel rotated 180°. Of the two available modes it is widely considered that ?Upper Mode? is superior. Contrary to the name, the strength of this wheel doesn?t come from Upper Attack, but Smash Attack. Lightning does suffer from some Recoil, but this problem can easily be rectified with both MF and RF. Paired with the right Track, Lightning can provide a ferocious Smash Attack. Though a good Attack Wheel, Lightning faced problems in beating heavier Defense wheels, most notably Basalt; which was over 17 grams heavier than Lightning. It was also directly outclassed by Blitz and VariAres upon their release in terms of pure Smash Attack. Not only do they both provide better Smash Attack, but they are also significantly heavier; a common attribute among 4D System Metal Wheels when compared to previously released Wheels in the Hybrid Wheel System. Beyblade: Lightning L-Drago 100HF Earth Weight: 30.8 grams Full Width: 45 mm Minimum Width: 43 mm Full Height: 9.5 mm Minimum Height: 4 mm Maximum Wing Distance: 2.5 mm Minimum Wing Distance: 2 mm Side Declination: ~ 12° Earth has four thick, textured wings surrounding its perimeter, with each pair facing each other on a slight incline. The space created between the wings is quite small, and the resulting effect is similar to any Wheel that has no spaces: minimal recoil. Though it is on the lighter side of Metal Wheels, its almost unperturbed circular design, and minimal recoil made it one of the best, Defense-oriented Wheel available for competitive play. However, it has since been severely outclassed by the extremely heavy 4D Metal Wheels and Zero-G Chrome Wheels paired in Synchrom, such as Duo, Wyvang and Balro. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Earth Metal Wheel (second mold) Earth has two different molds. The first mold was released in BB-47 Starter Earth Aquila 145WD, and the second in both the purple WBBA "Event Special" MF Earth Aquila 105HF/S, and SonoKong manufactured Earth Metal Wheels. However, TAKARA-TOMY has since ceased production on the first mold, thus making it a difficult part to obtain. The second mold addressed breaking problems that the original mold faced by modifying the inside of each of Earth's wings. The new mold is up to three grams heavier than the old mold (30-31 grams versus 33 grams on the new mold), which makes it significantly more effective for Defense customizations. Therefore, the new mold is the preferred choice for Defense customs using Earth, while the original mold would be the best for Stamina. Beyblade: Earth Aquila 145WD, Earth Virgo GB145BS Killer Weight: 31.2 grams Full Width: 45 mm Full Height: 8 mm Wing Distance: 5 mm Killer Metal Wheel Like its Metal System predecessor Gemios, Killer has a textured, bumpy, two-winged design that ends in two rounded edges. However, unlike its predecessor, it is considerably thinner even with a smaller amount of metal dropping below the base of the Wheel. Being so thin, the edges of each wing do not apply as much force as those of the Gemios Metal Wheel; as a result, Killer loses any of the potential Smash Attack the first incarnation had. Being so thin negates any possible defensive qualities, and though it may seem suited for Stamina, it peforms poorly compared to other top-tier Stamina Wheels such as Virgo, Burn, and Earth. Beyblade: Killer Gemios DF145FS, Killer Beafowl UW145EWD Thermal Weight: 30.5 grams Thermal Metal Wheel Thermal consists of two large wings in the shape of sharks with a small gap in between. Thermal is largely based on the Metal System Pisces, and as such, the three notches on each wing of the Wheel are representative of a shark's gills. The wings also have a noticeable slope leading up to the thicker center. However, despite this slope, Thermal generates no observable Upper Attack. In addition, even though it has relatively sharp contact points, they do not protrude far enough outward to provide any significant Smash Attack. Although Thermal?s design is mostly continuous and interrupted by only the two small gaps, but it has only moderate Stamina qualities at best, and is outclassed by multiple Stamina Wheels such as even Earth and Burn. Beyblade: Thermal Pisces T125ES, Thermal Lacerta WA130HF Burn Weight: 31.51 grams Burn Metal Wheel - Hasbro mold Burn is an almost completely circular Metal Wheel, interrupted only by two sets of wave-like ridges. The center of the Metal Wheel features a flame pattern representing the sun, which complements the Phoenix Clear Wheel. Burn's predominant characteristic is its weight distribution : the weight is concentrated on the edge of the Metal Wheel, while the center is generally hollow and light. This produces what is known as the Flywheel Effect, which is the ability for a rotating object to increase its rotational velocity with the use of its own momentum. The ridges are subject to some level of recoil, but are also capable of Smash Attack; however, the latter is not potent enough to be used effectively. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Burn has a total of four molds, three of them released by TAKARA-TOMY and one released by Hasbro. The TAKARA-TOMY molds have the phrase "Burn Wheel" engraved between each set of ridges while the Hasbro mold does not. Mold 1 is the lightest of the four molds and is usually the one preferred for Stamina customizations. The gaps on the underside of the Metal Wheel are lengthier on Mold 2 than on Mold 1, while the gaps on Mold 3 are both lengthier and wider. The Hasbro mold is generally heavier because of the absence of engravings and thus preferred for Attack and Defense customizations, although those combinations have no prevalence. Beyblade: Burn Phoenix 135MS Poison Weight: 29.8 grams Full Width: 46 mm Full Height: 9 mm Circumference Height: 5.3 mm Protrusion Distance: 4 mm Protrusion Width: 8 mm Poison Metal Wheel Poison has fifteen rectangular protrusions on its circumference, each the same size and about 4 mm apart at the widest point. While this is not wide enough to provide useful Smash Attack, it still produces relatively large amounts of Recoil, making this part useless for Defense or Stamina. Furthermore, similar to Flame, the Metal Wheel is raised at the base, exposing the Track to opposing Beys, making it even less useful for Defense purposes. This Recoil is worsened by the light weight of the Wheel, which allows it to be easily knocked around and KO'ed by opposing Beys. This means it has little to no use for Attack either. Due to these factors, Poison has absolutely no competitive use. Beyblade: Poison Serpent SW145SD, Poison Giraffe S130MB Galaxy Weight: 29.4 grams Galaxy Metal Wheel Much like Pegasis and Storm, Galaxy's main shape consists of three rounded, wing-like forms intended to depict the wings of Pegasis, and each wing has two separate protrusions. There are four indented separations on each wing, complimented by three curved ridges on the top and five small spikes on the bottom. Each of the undersides are hollow, making Galaxy very light. Beyblade: Galaxy Pegasis W105R²F Ray Weight: 30.4 grams Full Width: 45.05 mm Full Height: 7.39 mm Ray Metal Wheel Ray has a relatively thin, slightly bumpy, three-winged design. Between each of these "wings" are small gaps, which allow the blunt ends of each wing to provide a small amount of Smash Attack. Additionally, along each wing there are two indents which follow the contours of the Metal Wheel; these indents are pronounced enough to provide additional Spike Attack and work in tandem with the aforementioned blunt ends of each wing. Ray's window to KO the opponent is quite small, as its Smash Attack is only prominent at the very high spin velocities found at the beginning of each battle. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Ray has two different molds. The first mold was released in the Ray Unicorno D125CS Starter Set, and the second mold was released with the Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Version, the Ray Unicorno D125CS Booster Set, and Ray Gil 100RSF. The second mold rectifies the original mold?s breakage problems. The gaps between the second mold are slightly wider and are more rounded on the inner gaps of Ray than the original mold. This change was carried foward to all further releases of the Ray wheel, such as Hasbro's release of Ray Striker. Beyblade: Ray Unicorno D125CS, Ray Gill 100RSF Gravity Weight: 33.8 grams Gravity Metal Wheel (silver) The original Gravity Metal Wheel comes painted black. Unlike other Metal Wheels, Gravity can only be used with the Perseus Clear Wheel, and there are no walls in the inner circle of it to prevent the insertion of any prongs. This combination of Perseus and Gravity allows the user to switch between four modes: Right-Spin Defense Left-Spin Defense Right-Spin Counter Left-Spin Counter IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Gravity has been found to have three different molds. Mold One is found in TAKARA-TOMY and Hasbro Gravity Perseus/Destroyer Starters, and the others are differentiated by the sides and the definition on each. There are more bumps and curves on the side of Mold One than there are on Mold Two. Mold Two is found in most SonoKong Gravity Perseus and is smooth all around the sides, and is significantly lighter than Mold One. Its performance in all areas suffers from this weight difference. The toughest Mold to distinguish is Mold Three. It is found in BB-109 Random Booster Volume 7, and is the same shape as Mold One. Mold Three is distinguished by its heavier weight than Mold One. Beyblade: Gravity Perseus AD145WD Grand Weight: 29.3 gram Maximum Width: 45 mm Minimum Width: 38.5 mm Full Height: 9.50 mm Grand Metal Wheel Grand is an intriguing Metal Wheel; it's thicker than Earth at the thickest point on its interconnected, smooth design. However, it is not as successful defensively, as it is 3.5 grams lighter than the second mold of Earth. On the Grand Metal Wheel there are six "walls" and with every two walls there is a gap dividing them into three sections. In each section there is a wall with small textured indents; this creates some Recoil, which is never a plus for a Defense-oriented Wheel. Because of this, it does have some Smash Attack, but it is mediocre and is completely outclassed by the multitude of other great Attack-based Wheels available, such as Flash, VariAres, and Blitz. Beyblade: Grand Ketos T125/WD145RS Cyber Weight: 29.46 grams Cyber is styled like a Hybrid Wheel System version of the Metal System Pegasis with a three-winged design. Its original release is painted a crimson red. Like the original Pegasis Wheel, it was meant for Attack, notably Force Smash. However, in fact, Cyber is even more useless than Pegasis, which at least enjoyed momentary use in competitive Attack types. This Hybrid Wheel System version is lighter than Pegasis in order to compensate for the Clear Wheel on top of it, and its wings are ever so slightly rounder and not as pronounced, which ruins its potential of achieving decent attacks. Having no use in Stamina nor in Defense because of its Recoil, Cyber is outclassed in all fields. Overall, it should be one of the last choices for Attack. Beyblades: Cyber Pegasis 100HF, Cyber Pegasis 105F Counter Weight: 29.2 Grams Counter Metal Wheel Counter is styled like a HWS version of the Metal System Leone. It possesses six similar mane-like projections that coronate its circumference. The gaps between the six projections are too small to provide consistent smash for a competitive Attack Customization. Counter still showcases fair Smash Attack, but unlike Leone, it lacks the same degree of recoil. This is because the projecting paws are more compact and rounded than its counterpart?s. The lowered recoil makes it a better, albeit underwhelming, choice for a defensive combo. Beyblades: Counter Leone D125B, Counter Leone 145D Meteo Beyblade: Meteo L-Drago LW105LF Divine Beyblade: Divine Chimera TR145FB Bakushin Weight: grams Bakushin Bakushin is an originally white Metal Wheel made in a circular shape with very small V-shaped gaps which are approximately one millimeter deep. As a whole, this Metal Wheel resembles a rock with declinations of varying steepness and carved ridges here and there. Although it generally performs in a mediocre way, some testing has showed that it has some decent Stamina and OK Attack despite its inferior weight. Its highest potential lies in its apparent defensive capabilities, however, due to its physical compatibility with BD145 where very little space is left between the Metal Wheel and the Track. In fact, even at the time of its release, it equaled Earth compared to the top-tier Attack types of that period, but the fact that Bakushin was painted repelled Bladers from testing it extensively. On average, however, especially with 4D parts available, Bakushin should only be used as a very last resort. Even with its potential in a few different Beyblade types, it could overall almost be classified as outclassed even following its release, since it possesses the flaws of most Balance-type parts that try to do well in several categories but fail to excel anywhere. Beyblade: Bakushin Susanow 90WF, Bakushin Susanow 105F, Bakushin Beelzeb T125XF Hell Weight: 39.6 grams Hell Metal Wheel Hell was first released in a radiant gold colour. As a part of the Maximum Series, it had the largest diameter of any Metal Wheel ever released. However, Big Bang has since been shown to have an equal diameter. Hell is split into three different wings which are shaped to represent the Three-Headed Dog, Kerberos, and between each of them is a large gap allowing BD145's protrusions (while in Boost Mode) to point upwards past the bottom of the Metal Wheel. On the side of each wing are four indents which, in addition to the end of each wing which ends in a pointed "head" for Smash Attack, increase Hell's Attack capabilities. Due to its heavy weight, its relatively high recoil is lessened by a significant amount and because of this, as listed above, in combination with BD145 (Boost Mode) it can be used effectively in Stamina customs. Beyblades: Hell Kerbecs BD145DS, Hell Crown 130FB Screw Beyblade: Screw Capricorne 90MF Vulcan Weight: 32.38 Grams Vulcan The Vulcan Metal Wheel has a total of two semi-circular prominences and two smaller wings painted with two red stripes that give breath to its design. Upon closer inspection, the two prominences have slight slopes that suggest the Wheel's capability of Upper Attack. Despite the fact that these sloped areas are major contact points, they do not provide Upper Attack; however, they do provide Smash Attack. Between the two prominences are the two smaller wings, which are also major contact points. Beyblade: Vulcan Horuseus 145D Metal Wheel: Basalt Weight: 47.52 grams Maximum Width (+ bulge): 44.0 mm Minimum Width: 43.0 mm Staircase of Death to top: 10.0 mm Full Height: 11.0 mm Extra Height at Top: 2.0 mm Basalt Metal Wheel Basalt is a completely circular Metal Wheel, with sets of indents distributed around its circumference and is almost cylindrical in its thickness, part of which overhangs the Track being used in conjunction with it. Basalt is a member of the Maximum Series, with its "gimmick" being "maximum weight". At the time of its release, it was the heaviest Metal Wheel ever created, even heavier and thicker than the infamous Libra. With the release of Diablo it is no longer the heaviest Metal Wheel, but Basalt's circular nature, in combination with its abnormally heavy weight, make it without a doubt one of the best Metal Wheels for Defense customizations. However, Basalt is missing a chunk of metal inside its perimeter which forms what is called the "Spiral Staircase of Death". The "Spiral Staircase of Death" was meant to neuter Basalt's incredibly high power slightly by creating an imbalance within the Wheel. While this imbalance does indeed occur, it is not a notable hindrance to its usefulness. In fact, despite the imbalance/wobbling caused by the "Spiral Staircase of Death", Basalt also has strong Stamina, although it has since been outclassed by Scythe and Phantom. The imbalance/wobbling caused by the "Spiral Staircase of Death" does contribute slightly to the Recoil Basalt suffers, but again, this is not a huge hindrance to its usefulness. Beyblade: Basalt Horogium 145WD 4D System - 4D Metal Wheels Big Bang Weight: 41.83 grams Big Bang 4D Metal Wheel (Smash Attack Mode) Big Bang is a unique Metal Wheel. It has three "wings", each etched with the intricate design of feathers. It is separated into three parts, the PC Frame, the Metal Frame, and the Core. PC Frame Weight: 2.50 grams The PC Frame is the plastic and top part of Big Bang. It has three sets of two square holes underneath it that connect with the Metal Frame. When rotated, the cubes on the Metal Frame that the holes connect to are inserted in a different hole, changing the mode of the PC Frame. It is dyed red and is made of polycarbonate, but it is generally too far away and too incrusted inside the Metal Wheel to really come into contact with an opposing Beyblade and absorb the shock as it should. Metal Frame Weight: 25.48 grams The Metal Frame is the main and middle part of Big Bang. It has three cubes on the top that connect to holes in the PC Frame. It also has three sets of two holes on the underside that allow a mode change with the Core's own cubes. As its name suggests, it is made of metal, and it contains most of the feather details in Big Bang?s design. Core Weight: 13.81 grams The Core is the bottom part of Big Bang. It connects with the Metal Frame with cubes that get inserted in the Metal Frame?s holes. It is the part that the Track and Clear Wheel attach to. It is also made of metal, and is shaped mostly like lower wings full of small feathers that complement the Metal Frame's design. By turning the PC Frame and Core, you can make four different modes: Smash Attack Mode The PC Frame blocks the upper part of the hole between the Metal Frame's wings, and the Core is retreated closer to the end of the Metal Frame's feathers, to create a bigger wing. Upper Attack Mode The slope of the PC Frame aligns with the angle of the Metal Frame's wings, and the Core fits more under the holes between the Metal Frame's wings. Barrage Mode The slope of the PC Frame aligns with the angle of the Metal Frame's wings, but the Core is retreated closer to the end of the Metal Frame's feathers, to create a bigger wing. Omni-Directional Attack Mode The PC Frame blocks the upper part of the hole between the Metal Frame's wings, but the Core fits more under the holes between those wings. Beyblade: Big Bang Pegasis F:D Fang Beyblade: Fang Leone 130W²D L-Drago Destroy Weight: 44.33 grams L-Drago Destroy Metal Frame This Metal Wheel is made up of two parts: a Core and a Metal Frame. Unlike other 4D Metal Wheels, the Core is made of rubber/plastic and sits below?rather than above?the Metal Frame, which comprises the bulk of the Metal Wheel. This follows the trend of the other L Drago Wheels. Metal Frame Weight: 38.51 grams The Metal Frame is the largest part of the Metal Wheel and therefore makes the most contact with opposing Beyblades. Like previous L Drago Wheels, the three-sided Metal Frame is shaped to resemble three dragon heads. It is much wider, has larger gaps between each head, and is significantly heavier than each of the former L Drago Wheels, many of which were notorious for their extremely light weight. While made entirely of metal, it was given a gunmetal finish upon release. Its relief features some slight, jagged bumps instead of being very smooth, to create an overall fierce design. Core Weight: 5.82 grams L-Drago Destroy's Core is made of PC (plastic) as well as PVC (rubber), continuing the trend started with Meteo L-Drago. It is comprised of six protrusions which act as the teeth and lower jaw for the dragon heads; all six contain rubber, but only three expose rubber on the outside, while the other three expose plastic. The rubber protrusions can assist in spin stealing from right-spin Beyblades. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, L-Drago Destroy features a mode-changing gimmick. It works by rotating the Metal Frame while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Attack Mode: In this mode, the rubber protrusions on the Core are aligned with the front of the dragon heads on the Metal Frame. Absorb Mode: In this mode, the Core is rotated 180° so that the plastic protrusions on the Core are aligned with the front of the dragon heads of the Metal Frame. Beyblade: L-Drago Destroy F:S Beat Total Weight: 38.6 grams Beat Metal Wheel This Metal Wheel is made up of two parts: a Core, which comprises the Metal part of the Metal Wheel, and a PC Frame. PC Frame The PC Frame of this 4D Metal Wheel is the piece that acts as the primary mechanism behind its Mode Change. There are triangular designs on each side of the PC Frame resembling cat ears; the weight is mainly focused on these opposite ends of the Frame. Core The Core of Beat could be seen as a representation of the snout of a Lynx, along with the Clear Wheel which represents its ears. There are diamond-shaped designs lining the inside of the Core that lead towards the two main protruding contact points. These protrusions produce ferocious Smash Attack, but unfortunately also create Recoil. The overarching design is similar to both Vulcan and Quetzalcoatl. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Beat features a mode changing gimmick. It works by rotating the PC Frame while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Attack Mode : In this mode, the PC Frame is aligned with the two long "wings" of the Core, exposing the two protruding contact points on each side. Defense Mode: In this mode, the PC Frame is rotated 90° so that the two heavier ends cover the two protruding contact points, creating a circular wall of sorts around the perimeter of Beat. Beyblade: Beat Lynx TH170WD Scythe Beyblade: Scythe Kronos T125EDS VariAres Weight: 43.6 grams Full Width: 50 mm Minimum Width: 47.5 mm Full Height: 11.5 mm VariAres 4D Metal Wheel VariAres is unarguably the most aggressively designed Wheel ever released in MFB, and is the second Metal Wheel capable of spinning in both Left and Right Spin (the first being Gravity Perseus). It has a relatively thick, wide three-winged design. Each wing ends in an abrupt, sharp point that provides intense Smash Attack in both spin directions. In addition to this, along each wing there are six indents of varying size that provide Spike Attack which works in tandem with the sharp Smash Attack points on the ends of each wing. However, while VariAres' Attack power may be high, it does suffer from huge amounts of Recoil because it is so aggressively designed. This can make VariAres a risky Wheel to use in some respects, but as the game has evolved, lighter, more compact Attack Wheels such as Lightning have become harder and harder to use effectively without the assistance of something like BD145. VariAres can backfire due to its recoil, but it does not need the width and weight of BD145 to be effective. Between each wing is a large gap. Fitted in between these gaps is a yellow PC Frame, that protrudes outwards in a triangular shape as far as the Metal Frame. Unlike other 4D Beyblades, VariAres' PC Frame is built in conjunction with the Metal Frame. On the bottom side of the Metal Wheel where the mechanism that controls the plastic wings release are located, there is cover of a hard plastic sheet. Beyblade: VariAres D:D Jade Weight: 39.15 grams Jade 4D Metal Wheel (Stamina Mode) Jade is made up of two parts: a Core and a Metal Frame. The gimmick of this 4D Metal Wheel is that it has four metal balls in its Frame, reminiscent of GB145. These balls reside in small linear slots which are directed towards the center of the Beyblade, not parellel to its circumference. Metal Frame Weight: 22.28 grams The Frame of this Beyblade consists of four long divisions, which hang over the sides irregularly. Each of these contains one metal ball. There are also four hollowed out areas, other than the ones that contain the spheres, on the inner area of the Frame. The underside is made up of magenta plastic, attached to the Frame with screws, which keep the balls in their spaces. Core Weight: 16.87 grams Jade's Core is of a circular shape with four rounded square protrusions, one in each corner. Each of these protrusions has a vertical metal stick attached to it. These can be inserted into two places on the Frame, either in the slots of the metal balls or an area away from them to create the two modes mentioned earlier, since they immobilize the balls, or let them roll freely. The Core also has holes on its outer rim creating a gear-like shape. This 4D Metal Wheel can be placed in two different modes by rotating the Metal Frame. Stamina Mode When placed in this mode, the balls are mobile, allowing them to move back and forth in their slots. Defense Mode In this mode, the metal pieces on the Core are pushed into the slots for the balls, fixing them in place closer to the center of the Beyblade. MOLD VARIATION: Hasbro's Metal Fury Version Hasbro's Metal Fury release of this Beyblade, Jade Jupiter 130B, consists of only one piece based on the Metal Frame and include bumps in the Metal Wheel designed to mimic the original Jade's metal balls, but these bumps are completely integrated into the metal and do not add any significant weight. Overall, this Jade therefore weighs significantly less than the original, but due to the fact that it leaves huge gaps between what is essentially the Metal Frame's side extensions, it still succeeds in delivering decent Smash Attack. However, this performance is nothing compared to previously released Wheels such as Flash. The Hasbro version of Jade also only appears to do well with largely advantageous Tracks such as E230; the gaps are otherwise a huge detriment. It was therefore heavily outclassed already upon release. Beyblade: Jade Jupiter S130RB Blitz Weight: 43.72 Grams Blitz 4D Metal Wheel Assault Mode This Metal Wheel is made up of two parts. A Core, which comprises the bulk of the Metal Wheel, and a Metal Frame. Metal Frame Weight: 12.65 Grams The Metal Frame of this 4D Metal Wheel is the piece that acts as the primary mechanism behind its Mode Change. It has three small protrusions, which fit in with the gaps in the Core, and the protrusions are smaller than each protrusion on the Core. Core Weight: 31.07 grams Blitz's Core has three separate primary contact points, whereupon the metal slopes down and outward into a finer surface, creating "bumps" on the front-most portion of each wing segment. These slopes provide an advantage in the form of allowing maximum contact with the primary contact points, and often throwing the opposing Wheel slightly off balance when used on a lower Track. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Blitz features a mode changing gimmick. It works by rotating the Metal Frame while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Assault Attack Mode In this mode, the protrusions on each side of the Metal Frame fit against the six contact points of the Core, creating a single "Wing" on each side, forming a shape very much like Triple Wing (Trygle) from the Plastics generation. Barrage Attack Mode In this mode, the amount of contact points or "Wings" is doubled from three to six by rotating the Metal Frame. However, in doing this, the length of each wing is shortened. Beyblade: Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Phantom Weight: 44.50 grams Blitz Unicorno 100RSF Phantom is composed of both a Metal Frame and a Core. By removing and flipping the Metal Frame, Phantom can alternate between two modes: Stamina Mode and Attack Mode. Metal Frame Weight: 42.0 grams Phantom's Metal Frame makes up for most of Phantom's weight. It consists of two vastly different faces. The first one, facing up when Phantom is in Stamina Mode (henceforth known as the Stamina Face), displays Orion's figure--eyes, nose and grin--twice, as well as two identical long surfaces--smooth, but uneven--representing Orion's sword and scabbard. On each is engraved two shallow holes where stickers can be applied to depict a total of four blue stars, which, combined with Orion's Face's three blue flames, form the Orion constellation. The second face, the Attack Face, on the other hand, is a rough, but even, patterned surface, only broken by a single octagonal shape overlapping and sticking out of the otherwise circular Metal Wheel's shape. Core Weight: 2.50 grams Phantom's Core is a small piece of polycarbonate, roughly the size of a Clear Wheel. It features four small, upward protrusions that fit in the Metal Frame's four matching slot, locking the latter in place in either mode. Phantom's modes, Stamina and Attack, are distinguished as followed: Stamina Mode Stamina Mode is when the Metal Frame displays the Stamina Face, while the Attack Face faces the Stadium floor. Attack Mode Stamina Mode is when the Metal Frame displays the Attack Face, while the Stamina Face faces the Stadium floor. Beyblade: Phantom Orion B:D Death Weight: 43.6 grams Death Quetzalcoatl 4D Metal Wheel (Defense Mode) The gimmick introduced in this 4D Metal Wheel is that one of the two metal parts, the Metal Frame, can be flipped to form another mode. Death has no PC Frame, only metal pieces, which makes it one of the heaviest 4D Metal Wheels available. Metal Frame Weight: The Metal Frame of this 4D Metal Wheel is the piece that acts as the primary mechanism behind its Mode Change. It has four small indents which act as a locking mechanism when placed on the Core. On the Defense side it has eight shallow slopes with a reptile-like texture and the large slopes of the Attack mode connect perfectly with the Core's. On the Attack side, as previously mentioned, there are eight significantly larger slopes each with the face of a serpent sculpted in. Core Weight: As with any other Core in 4D, this part connects the Wheel with the Track. Its design is based on wings, so the combination of the Metal Frame and the Core indeed illustrate a winged serpent, which is the representation of Quetzalcoatl. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Death features a mode changing gimmick. It works by flipping the Metal Frame on the opposite side while the Beyblade is disassembled. The two Modes are: Attack Mode If Death is set in Attack Mode, the Metal Frame shows details of several serpent heads with fangs, enhancing the term "Attack". This mode is in no way more useful than Defense Mode as it does not provide sufficient Smash Attack to be of any use in Attack Type customs, and its Recoil renders it useless when compared to Defense Mode for other areas. Defense Mode If the Metal Frame is completely flipped to be in Defense Mode, this other side reveals a design of serpent scales, which relates to the term "Defense" and how animals defend themselves with their back, their scales, etc. Defense Mode's top half is also sloped, which reduces Recoil and is also an uncommon trait among Metal Wheels. Beyblade: Death Quetzalcoatl 125RDF Duo Weight: 42.3 grams Full Width: 46 mm Full Height: 8.0 mm Duo is formed of series of spirals seemingly emitted from the centre, as if they were wind gushes, again linking back to the wind theme of the Beyblade as a whole. This 4D Metal Wheel is made up of two components: The upper half is the Metal Frame?which is the basis of the mode change?and the Core, which supports the Metal Frame, as well as denoting the mode and playing a small part therein. Duo's gimmick relates to balance: in Stamina Mode, it is well balanced, and in Attack Mode, it is greatly off-balance. This mode change is done by rotating the Metal Frame 90 degrees clockwise, or 90 degrees counter-clockwise. Doing so, however, requires disassembly of the Beyblade. Metal Frame Weight: 20.7 grams Full Width: 4.6 mm Full Height: 4.5 mm Minimum Height: 3.5 mm Underside Wall Height: 1.9 mm Underside Wall Width: 1.5 mm Duo's Metal Frame has a completely circular perimeter, while its top side contains the main visual design of the Duo Wheel, the aforementioned spiral pattern. The most interesting aspect of the Metal Frame is how it makes the mode change work: on the underside, there is a wall only on one part, which either protrudes over one side of the Core, focusing the weight on that side of the Metal Wheel, or fits in perfectly to the side 90 degrees counter-clockwise of this, balancing out a slightly lighter section of the core, resulting in a very well-balanced Metal Wheel. Core Weight: 21.6 grams Full Width: 45 mm Full Height: 4.5 mm Minimum Height: 1.8 mm S Edge Width: 3 mm A Edge Width: 2 mm The Core is the heavier part of the Duo 4D Metal Wheel. It has eight separate sections, four raised, and four indented. The raised sections are identical, and these support the Metal Frame and have slightly jagged tops, intended to grind down opponents, though in battle, the small vertical gaps they leave do not have any noticeable effect. Attack Mode The hollowed sections are more varied. The two which are parallel to the center support are identical in their indentations, aside from one side having an engraved "A". When the walled section of the Metal Frame is placed here, it results in the imbalance which causes the aggressive and unstable movement seen in Attack Mode. Stamina Mode The parts on either side of the center support are not identical: one side, the one lacking engraving, is more filled-in than any of the other indented sections, while the opposite side, marked with an S, is the most hollowed-out of the four. When the wall of the Metal Frame is placed here, it evens out the weight discrepancy between these two points, resulting in a well balanced wheel. This is Stamina Mode. Beyblade: Duo Uranus 230WD Wing Weight: 45.1 grams Wing 4D Metal Wheel (Ironclad Attack Mode) In general, Wing is a remolded version of Big Bang. Its 4D gimmick is not new, and at first sight, it could seem completely negligible, seeing as there are barely any differences between the modes physically. Surprisingly, Wing's performance varies from Big Bang. Metal Frame Weight: 16.6 grams The Metal Frame is Wing's thinnest part. It consists of a circle frame with three protrusions in the shape of triangles. Each of those protrusions has an inclination, a size and a height which varies ever-so-slightly from the others. On the underside of the Metal Frame are two small walls to lock into the Core. Most importantly though, on the top, there's an arrow engraved in it. Depending on where this arrow is positioned on the Core, the mode changes, and different protrusions of the Metal Frame are exposed out of the Core's wings. In Ironclad Attack Mode, there are no protrusions particularly sticking out. Thus, this mode is more defensive. It's also referred to as being "0": it has no intentional attacking points. In Mortal Blow Attack Mode, also "1", there's one protrusion that is farther from the center than the others, therefore this irregularity in the circular shape of Wing creates one point of Attack. The protrusion out in the open in this mode is more or less isolated from the two wings of the Core that are besides it. In Pound Attack Mode, there are two protrusions that are active while the third one is closer to the Core, and mixes in with its circular shape more. Wing has the most offensive properties in this mode. Core Weight: 28.5 grams Wing's Core is very bulky. In general, it is made to resemble a unified Big Bang, therefore it has three wings which bear feather designs. The space between each wing varies slightly in order to allow different protrusions of the Metal Frame to stick out: some of the areas are bigger, some are smaller. To help the recognition of the three modes made possible with Wing, numbers are engraved inside the Core, on its top, for each of its wings. For instance, when you align the arrow on the Metal Frame with the number "0", Wing is in Ironclad Attack Mode; when "1" is chosen, it's in Mortal Blow Attack Mode; etc. Beyblade: Wing Pegasis 90WF L-Drago Guardian Weight: 45.7 grams L Drago Guardian 4D Metal Wheel (Absorb Mode) Like all L Drago Wheels, L-Drago Guardian is incompatible with other Wheels, and its gimmick is a mode change by rotation of the Metal Frame, as well as the reintroduction of rubber. Metal Frame Weight: 39.7 grams L Drago Guardian's Metal Frame is heavily inspired from L Drago Destroy, hence the name similarities. In fact, the shapes are almost identical, but L Drago Guardian was made to resemble three dragon heads adorned by armours, so the relief on this part is more inexistent and the jagged edges of L Drago Destroy are replaced by smooth angles. These armours are cut into overlapping segments, which create the only relief on the Metal Frame. There are some ornaments on the end of each segment, and each of the three dragon heads is designed to have a helmet too. In Attack Mode, the heads of the Metal Frame are on top of the outer rubber parts of the Core, making more of the Metal Frame be open for contact. In Absorption Mode, the rubber of the Core appears in the interstices of the Metal Frame while the PVC part of it is covered by the dragon heads on the Metal Frame. Core Weight: 6.0 grams Beyblade: L Drago Guardian S130MB Diablo Weight: 51.26 grams Diablo 4D Metal Wheel (Attack Mode) Diablo is the heaviest standalone Metal Wheel ever released. Like the other parts of Diablo Nemesis X:D, the Diablo 4D Metal Wheel incorporates several 4D Beyblade design points in its overall schema. Because Kreis Cygnus was not out at the time of Diablo Nemesis's release, the latter's 4D Metal Wheel was the first to introduce a semi-free-spinning gimmick in Metal Fight Beyblade. The placement of the Metal Frame in Ultimate Balance Mode was also new to the hobby. Metal Frame Weight: 25.35 grams Diablo?s Metal Frame consists of three mugshot heads distributed around its circumference. The biggest head is a lion?s head, depicting Leone, with red eyes and the top row of teeth. Part of the lion?s mane is visible around the head. The smallest of the three heads is a lynx?s head, from Lynx, with yellow-black cat eyes and two paws. Again, only the upper row of teeth is visible on this head. The last of the three heads, with an intermediate size, is derived from Orion, and shows Orion?s face from the Phantom Metal Wheel in Stamina mode with blue eyes and a full snarl on its face, unlike the smirk seen on the original 4D Metal Wheel. Since the Metal Frame simply rests in the space between the elevated Core and the 4D Bottom when in Ultimate Balance Mode, it can rotate freely to a point: spinning on its own, the Metal Frame would not rotate independently. It is the impact of the opposing Beyblade that will make it spin semi-freely towards the right or towards the left depending on the spin direction of the opponent, trajectory, and angle of impact. The Metal Frame has one of three positions it pauses on after each impact due to the Metal Frame's three-headed shape. These positions push down on the small pins on top of X:D with varying force and activate the descent or retraction of the sharp tip from X:D, either completely or only half-way, consequently changing the Beyblade's behavior. Core Weight: 25.94 grams The design of the underside of Diablo?s Core originates from the Scythe 4D Metal Wheel on Kronos and allows for smooth rotation of the Metal Frame when in Ultimate Balance Mode. The Core depicts one of Unicorno II?s heads, originating from the Unicorno II 4D Clear Wheel, connected to the bones from Quetzalcoatl's 4D Metal Wheel on one side, with the wings of Pegasis III's 4D Clear Wheel on the other side linked to a dragon head derived from L-Drago III's 4D Metal Wheel. On the side of Quetzalcoatl's and Unicorno II's sections is an irregular, jagged edge reminiscent of Hades' 4D Metal Wheel. In front of the unicorn head is a small portion resembling a scythe from Kronos' 4D Metal Wheel, which is connected to a section of a bow from Sagittario?s Clear[b] W[b]heel. Finally, in between the wings of Pegasis and the bow of Sagittario is a section derived from the wings of VariAres' 4D Metal Wheel. Like all 4D Metal Wheels, Diablo has a mode change. This is performed by flipping the Metal Frame and placing it under the metal frame. However, this mode change is unique because it requires the X:D 4D Bottom in order to stay in place and work. The two modes are: Attack Mode: The normal mode for Diablo Nemesis; the Metal Frame lies on top of the Core in an upright position with the heads facing upright as well. The difference in the heights of each head, with Lynx's head being the smallest, creates varying relief around the Clear Wheel. In this mode, one can manually choose between XF or S on X:D before the beginning of the battle without any automatic changes occurring. Ultimate Balance Mode: It is the X:D-exclusive mode. the Metal Frame lies upside-down underneath the Core. The Clear Wheel is fully exposed and X:D is holding the Metal Frame in place underneath the Core. The Metal Frame can spin freely and change the tip of X:D when contact is made on itself. Beyblade: Diablo Nemesis X:D Fusion Weight: 44.00 grams Fusion 4D Metal Wheel (Defense Mode) Fusion is the first 4D Metal Wheel to include a full rubber part. Its Metal Frame and its Rubber Frame lock in with a simple square teeth system, and the same mechanism is used for the Core. Metal Frame Weight: 27.31 grams It is shaped like a circle with only a few reliefs in the form of bumps on the circumference. In its center ridge, there are four rectangles cut into it, which allows the Metal Frame to slide into the Core and lock well without rattling. There are also two slightly angled parts on each side of the Metal Frame which seem to complete the shape of the shields on the Hades Clear Wheel. Rubber Frame Weight: 4.58 grams Fusion's Rubber Frame has essentially the same shape as its Metal Frame. Its bumps slightly protrude from in between the Metal Frame's though. In Defense Mode, the Rubber Frame is on top of the Metal Frame, which helps absorb the impacts from other Beyblades. When in Balance Mode, the combination of the Rubber and Metal Frames is flipped to show the metal part on top. Its roundness helps keep balance, hence the name of the mode. Core Weight: 12.11 grams Its Core is of a regular shape which has rectangular forms to help lock the Metal Frame and Rubber Frame onto it. This part is the only one from the Fusion 4D Metal Wheel that remains in the same position for the mode changes. Beyblade: Fusion Hades AD145SWD Kreis Weight: 42.62 grams Kreis was meant to introduce the gimmick of a relatively free-spinning Metal Frame, but it was released after Diablo Nemesis, which shares its gimmick in one of its modes. This Metal Wheel is incredibly circular, hence its name: "kreis" means "circle" in German. Metal Frame Weight: 21.58 grams Most of the relief on this part is present on its upper side. Two sets of protrusions line up the Metal Frame to form a sort of façade or fortification. As such, the sides represent two engraved swans, and it is their heads and their wings that protrude upward. The heads are the smallest parts and they appear on each side of the Metal Frame. Each swan's wings spread out on either side of it, and the locations where both swan's wings touch constitute the other protrusions, which extend for a bigger portion of the circumference. The space between each shape can have blue stickers applied to it. The rest of the sides of Kreis's Metal Frame have additional relief made from engraved feathers, and superficial semi-circle holes in four places. On its underside, this part is simply a hollowed circle. On its flat bottom, swirly patterns are engraved all over, and a short wall follows its circumference. In Defense Mode, the Metal Frame is partially free-spinning. In fact, this gimmick is called "sliding". It can only move back and forth for approximately 90°. On the underside of the Metal Frame are four small squares evenly placed around its inner hole. The Core also has four similar squares, and the way the Metal Frame is positioned on the Core, it can rotate freely until one of its cubes meet one of the Core's. At that point, it could only rotate in the other direction back to the next square. The Metal Frame can additionally absorb hits thanks to the free movement. This sliding is surprisingly smooth even though there are no other materials than the metal the parts are made of. As is often the case with 4D Metal Wheels, Attack Mode is accomplished by flipping the Metal Frame and placing it back on the Core in this new position. This shows the Metal Frame's underside which is still very circular and only has the even, small wall at its circumference as Attack points. The Clear Wheel is slightly more exposed in Attack Mode. The protrusions that are the heads and the wings engraved on the Metal Frame fit perfectly in the holes of the Core in this mode, which prevents it from rotating in any way. Core Weight: 21.04 grams Kreis's Core is banal except for some shapes that are meant to embrace those of the Metal Frame's protrusions when it is in Attack Mode. Furthermore, it has four small cubes of metal in its inner part that offer a given, limited space for the Metal Frame to rotate in Defense Mode. Beyblade: Kreis Cygnus 145WD Flash Weight: 45.6 grams In coordination with the theme of the Sagittario II 4D Clear Wheel, Flash is an assembly of many bow-and-arrow illustrations. The gimmick used for Flash's mode change is not new at all, despite TAKARA-TOMY's designers having more creative ideas originally[1]. Metal Frame Flash's Metal Frame resembles the Flame Metal Wheel a lot. It is rather oval, and half of its sides consist in a large and very thick slope. Its underside is mostly empty however, which takes away most of its potential weight. Core This piece looks very similar to its Metal Frame, however there is much less relief in it: while the Metal Frame has slopes, Flash's Core is completely flat. This detail means that its underside is entirely filled though, otherwise it could suffer from breakage issues. Stamina Mode In Stamina Mode, the two bow-and-arrow from the Metal Frame are perpendicular to those of the Core. This mode creates a four-winged shape. Attack Mode Once the Metal Frame is rotated by 90°, the Attack Mode is achieved, where the two bow-and-arrow designs of the Core are exactly under the Metal Frame's. The resulting shape of the Flash 4D Metal Wheel is one that is exaggerately elongated. However, most of Flash's weight becomes focused on two distinctive sides, which conveys to it a substantial Flywheel Effect, and since both metal parts are one on top of the other, the 4D Metal Wheel becomes much denser. This mode change is possible because of the existence of some small walls on the underside of the Metal Frame. Beyblade: Flash Sagittario 230WD Zero-G System - Chrome Wheels Ifraid Weight: 30.4 grams Ifraid Chrome Wheel Like most Zero-G Beyblades, Ifraid's design is interrupted by a hole at one of its extremities to allow the Crystal Wheel's crystal to protrude through it. The rest of its design shows an engraved Ifrit face one one side, with two long horns reaching all the way to the other side, where a few flames are drawn into the metal, close to the hole. Testing has shown that Ifraid provides smash attack, but can be even more useful as the bottom wheel in Synchrom with Gryph in the combo MSF-H Ifraid Gryph W145R2F, as it has its main contact points exposed by Gryph. Beyblade: Samurai Ifraid W145CF Saramanda Weight: 30.6 grams Full Width: 47.36 mm Height: 6.31 mm Saramanda Chrome Wheel Besides the obligatory hole on one side of Saramanda, this Chrome Wheel's design generally consists of lines of scales and points coupled with some curves on the sides, near the hole. There are also two other smoother areas atop Saramanda, to break the patterns of sharp scales. Block-like parts reminescent of Leone's paws adorn two other portions of the sides as well. Beyblade: Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD Orojya Weight: 29.4 grams Orojya Chrome Wheel This Chrome Wheel consists of a ring circled by multiple snakes. These engraved serpents create small protrusions all around Orojya, like a gear. Following the characteristic of all Zero-G Beyblades, Orojya has a hole for the Crystal Wheel's orb to protrude into, and two snake heads encase it from each side with their fangs. Some swirly designs exist in the inner part of this Chrome Wheel, all the way down to the opposite side of the crystal, where a menacing face is formed. Made to resemble a snake's head in a front view, two evil eyes are engraved as well as small fangs near the edge of Orojya, and that big head's apparent mustaches are prolonged to become the many small serpents encircling the rest of the Chrome Wheel. Beyblade: Pirates Orojya 145D Phoenic Weight: 29.8 grams Phoenic Chrome Wheel The Phoenic Chrome Wheel has three wings formed of big, smoothed feathers pointing towards the left, therefore contrary to its spin direction. Engraved claws appear to clutch the orb from the Crystal Wheel that protrudes through Phoenic, while the heads of the two other wings represent the beaks of birds, essentially. The relief on this Chrome Wheel isn't overly complicated: in fact, its sides are mostly vertical, straight continuations of the feathers on the top, creating a jagged pattern meant for Attack. Beyblade: Thief Phoenic E230GCF Revizer Weight: 30.6 grams Revizer Revizer has a mostly circular shape for increased Defense, and its design is only interrupted by two holes that detail the fins on the Chrome Wheel. Overall, a very visible pattern of serpent heads, clawed feet, fins and spikes can be observed on Revizer's design. Beyblade: Guardian Revizer 160SB Gryph Weight: 30.4 grams Full Width: 46.09 mm Minimum Width: 45.06 mm Full Height: 5.01 mm Gryph Chrome Wheel Gryph consists of eight distinct sections, similar in shape to those of the Leone Metal Wheel. Four of Gryph's protrusions have spikes curved in a right-spin direction, and the other half of the sections mostly consists of straight boulders, like on Bakushin. One of the latter sections is however in the shape of an eagle head viewed from a profile perspective, with the orb from the Crystal Wheel showing on the left border of the head. Opposite of the eagle head, Gryph has one main contact point that helps to provide Force Smash, when used as a Synchrom Bottom Wheel; Upper Smash, as a Synchrom Top Wheel. Beyblade: Archer Gryph C145S Killerken Weight: 30.45 grams Unlike most of the other Chrome Wheels, Killerken possesses a design which is generally well balanced. Indeed, on one side of the Chrome Wheel, a series of curved lines in the shape of tentacles can be observed in the design and, after a short interruption created by a trapezoid protrusion, the same series of tentacles is reproduced, however it is mirrored. At the other side of the trapezoid, the orb from the Crystal Wheel can be seen, surrounded by a design which resembles the beak of an octopus. The wider parts of the tentacles accumulate near the edges of Killerken, leaving only deeply engraved lines near its center. Beyblade: Pirates Killerken A230JSB Dragooon Weight: 30.90 grams Full Width: 47.30 mm Maximum Height: 6.34 mm Minimum Height: 3.1 mm Dragooon With three heads, Dragooon strongly resembles most L-Drago Wheels, especially since it's a left-spin Chrome Wheel. Two heads circle almost half of its circumference in a lateral way, while one head is actually flat on top, offering relief upwards only by its lower jaw and teeth. Two webbed wings also cover the rest of the design, with claws encircling the hole where the orb from the Crystal Wheel gets inserted. The sides of the Dragooon Chrome Wheel are therefore composed of the top of one dragon head, the sides of two other heads, the curved structures of the wings' fingers, and the straight ends of the membrane between them. In general, Dragooon consequently has four sections. Interestingly, Dragooon can be matched in Synchrom with Chrome Wheels that spin in the opposite direction. The combo it is in can only spin left if Dragooon is placed on top of the other Chrome Wheel though, unless another left-spin Chrome Wheel is positioned atop it instead. Beyblade: Dark Knight Dragooon LW160BSF Gargole Weight: 29.5 grams Full Width: 47.74 mm Height: 6.72 mm Gargole is a Chrome Wheel with a design that spreads from the middle almost like a net: spikes indeed leave from the center while shapes like claws, at the bottom, and a monstrous head where the orb from the Crystal Wheel is inserted, at the top, form an overall part with four sections. The details in this Chrome Wheel however mean that it is filled with holes, making the monster head and claws situated at opposite ends of the Chrome Wheel be the denser parts. The bigger, spiky sections meant to remind more of wings, though, cover a larger portion of Gargole and their sides are mostly even, without interruptions like those caused by the horns on the monster's head. Beyblade: Archer Gargole SA165WSF Goreim Weight: 29.6 grams Almost similar to Bakushin's rock cliff design, Goreim is built with many sections that resemble rocks, with many crevasses everywhere. Since Bandid Goreim appears to be inspired by the theme of a warrior too, several protrusions like pieces of an armor constitute Goreim's outermost circumference. On the opposite side of the hole where the Crystal Wheel protrudes is a helmet designed into the Chrome Wheel. The weight, albeit light in comparison to other Chrome Wheels, seems distributed right on its edges, away from its center. Beyblade: Bandid Goreim DF145BS Begirados Weight: 30.5 grams Begirados illustrates a clear monster head in a profile view with the centre of the Beyblade right between its jaws. It has a huge fang and a few smaller sharp teeths creating relief on the top, as well as one horn forming one whole side with ragged edges. This same pattern also adorns the opposite side of the Chrome Wheel. Considering that the other sides are made of the bottom of the jaw and the top of the head, Begirados still has a relatively symetrical design. The hole where the Crystal Wheel's orb is supposed to protrude represents the eye, but it is too small to allow the whole orb to stick out. Beyblade: Berserker Behemoth SR200BWD Genbull Weight: 30.8 grams Sat atop a very circular base is a mostly hexagonal shape. Four straight lines, to on each side, create a design reminescent of the Libra Wheel. Another mostly straight edge is built at the top of the Genbull Chrome Wheel, where the Crystal Wheel's orb is inserted. At the bottom, however, there is a small turtle head designed but it does not protrude that much from the overall circular shape of the real bottom of this Chrome Wheel. Beyblade: Bandid Genbull F230TB Balro Weight: 31.45 grams Full Width: 47.63 mm Height: 6.37 mm Like all Chrome Wheels, Balro possesses an asymetrical design: at the top is a sculpted horned demon head with an abnormal, star-shaped right eye. Most of the Balro Chrome Wheel's surface is dedicated to huge rigged horns, while the bottom illustrates a carved bat surrounded by flames. The overall structure forms a jagged hexagonal shape. Beyblades: Saramanda Balro DF145SWD, Killerken Balro A230WB Girago Weight: 31.8 grams Full Width: 47.58 mm Full Height: 6.77 mm Girago is one of the few Chrome Wheels to be mostly symmetrical. Two Chinese dragon heads circle the design, each having a long neck covered by an armor. The heads are in a right-spin direction, and each has a fiery mane. Beyblade: Gryph Girago WA130HF Wyvang Weight: 31.92 grams Wyvang Chrome Wheel Almost completely circular, Wyvang's shape is only disturbed by curved lines coming from the center and, like claws, going down toward the bottom of the Chrome Wheel. At the top is a smooth gathering of long feathers, while the bottom shows a dragon head from the side, which is where a Crystal Wheel's orb would coincidentally protrude to form a big eye. The stickers for this Chrome Wheel give it a scaled body, as is needed to perfect the wyvern theme. Beyblade: Orojya Wyvang 145EDS Pegasis Weight: 30 grams Like the Big Bang 4D Metal Wheel, the Pegasis Chrome Wheel has three wings, and its design is made of interlaced feathered wings. Three smaller wings form protruding hook-like knots in the design, each placed at equal distances from the others. Two Pegasus heads with their neck circle the inner portion too. The stickers applied on this Chrome Wheel are reminescent of the Phantom Fox MS HMS Beyblade, notably the blue L-shaped stickers at the top and bottom, as well as the red stickers on the rest of the circumference. Beyblade: Samurai Pegasis W105R²F Bahamdia Weight: 29.35 grams Bahamdia resembles a reinforced Gargole Chrome Wheel: the demonic head is however positioned at the top of the circumference and the Crystal Wheel's orb protrudes at the bottom, between vague claws. Its relief is created by silky segments forming rounded rectangles as well as few sharp stops indicating horns or wings. This Chrome Wheel's design seems rather inflated at the top compared to the bottom half. Beyblade: Gladiator Bahamdia SP230GF Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Metal_Fight_Beyblade_-_Wheel_List&oldid=12770"
