Metal Driger - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Metal Driger From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Metal Driger Number: A-95 System: 5-Layer Type: Defense Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Cross Spiker 2 Weight Disk (WD): Ten Heavy 3 Spin Gear (SG): Heavy Metal Core 4 Blade Base (BB): First Clutch Base (Metal Driger Version) 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Cross Spiker Weight: 6 grams The Cross Spiker AR has 8 points of attack, or spikes, that comes out from the center. The four larger points have Smash Attack in right spin while it has Spike Attack in left spin. The other four smaller points of the AR are in a triangular shape similar to that of the Cross Attack SP (Burning Kerberous). Because of how the smaller spikes get in the way, it is almost impossible for the Smash or Spike attacks to work efficiently. There are many better choices of ARs for Spike or Smash attacks. Weight Disk (WD): Ten Heavy See Ten Heavy. Spin Gear (SG): Heavy Metal Core Weight: 9 grams This is the reason why this Beyblade is worth getting. The Heavy Metal Core, or HMC abbreviated, weighs 9 grams making it the heaviest core by 3 grams outweighing the MG core. The HMC is mainly used in Compact or Defense combos because of its weight. In the Hasbro version, Metal Driger has been fitted with an Engine Gear. Blade Base (BB): First Clutch Base (Metal Driger Version) See First Clutch Base Other Versions Metal Driger - The Hasbro Version has an Engine Gear, instead of the HMC Metal Driger - Hasbro recolor version with Right Customize Engine Gear with Metal Semi-Flat CEW (Dark Metallic Green) Metal Driger - Coro-Coro Limited Version / Shadow Driger (Black) Knight Driger - Black version of Metal Driger Gallery Takara Metal Driger Takara Metal Driger 3/4 view Takara Metal Driger bottom view Cross Spiker First Clutch Base with HMC Heavy Metal Gear with HMC Heavy Metal Core with one casing Hasbro First Clutch Base with EG Hasbro First Clutch Base with EG Sticker sheet (Metal Driger) Sticker sheet (Knight Driger) Overall The fact it is the only source of the vital Heavy Metal Core alone makes the Takara and Sonokong version of Metal Driger a must have, and that it comes with a Weight Disk which works well with the HMC, as well as a competitive Smash Attack AR only enforces the fact that Metal Driger is an excellent purchase. However, the Hasbro version is significantly less worthwhile due to the lack of the HMC, and as such should be avoided. Every Blader should own multiples of the Takara and SonoKong version of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Metal_Driger&oldid=12365"
