Metal Face - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Metal Face From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization The Metal Face is a product released by TAKARA-TOMY which offered an upgrade in weight to a Metal Fight Beyblade. Metal Face is usually abbreviated to ?MF? in customization notation. Currently, Metal Faces, Metal Faces Custom Ver. and Metal Stone Faces Custom Ver. are sold two per pack, with a longer type Tool, as well as in most Sets. In Zero-G, Metal Stone Faces started replacing the regular Stone Faces in Boosters, offering an easier method of acquiring them. These are similar to the HMC of the Plastic Generation. Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Metal Faces Contents 1 Metal Fight Beyblade 1.1 Metal Face (MF) 1.2 Metal Face Custom Ver. (MF2) 2 Metal Fight Beyblade Zero-G 2.1 Metal Stone Face 2.1.1 Metal Stone Face Custom (MSF2) 2.2 Use in Defense Customizations 2.3 Use in Attack Customizations 3 Gallery 4 Overall Metal Fight Beyblade Metal Face (MF) Weight: 4.7g The Metal Face is exactly the same shape and size as a regular Face, except the top hexagonal portion is coated in a thick metal. The centre of the thread of the Face?s screw is also entirely metal. The Metal Face is 4.7g, and compared to the 1.1g Face, offers a 3.6g weight increase. This weight increase can be useful in many scenarios. Metal Face Custom Ver. (MF2) A different type of Metal Face has also been released, called a Metal Face Custom Ver. This Metal Face consists of two parts, the Core, the center that screws into the Beyblade, and the Plate, the hexagonal ring around the Core. The Core and the Plate have both Metal and Clear versions that are interchangeable with each other. Metal Core: 2.6 grams Metal Plate: 2.7 grams Clear Core: 0.7 grams Clear Plate: 0.5 grams By using different combinations of Cores and Plates, it is possible to change the weight and weight distribution of the Face. These different modes are as follows, in order of weight: Heavy: Metal Core + Metal Plate (5.3g) Light: Clear Core + Metal Plate (3.4g) Middle: Metal Core + Clear Plate (3.3g) Feather: Clear Core + Clear Plate (1.2g) The intermediary modes show negligible difference in performance, although technically weight should be as far away from the centre on a Stamina type Beyblade. Metal Face Heavy, often referred to as "MF-H", is often preferred over the regular Metal Face due to being 0.3g heavier. Metal Fight Beyblade Zero-G Metal Stone Face Weight: 5.5g The Metal Stone Face is the Zero-G/Shogun Steel successor to the original Metal Face. As with the latter, the top plate is metal while the threading is plastic. It is the same size and shape as the regular Stone Face. The Metal Stone Face, like its plastic counterpart, can exclusively be used with Zero-G combos. Metal Stone Face Custom (MSF2) Like the MFB version of the Metal Face, a custom version is also available for the MSF. Again, the parts are interchangeable to allow a greater control over the weight of the Stone Face. Metal Core: 2.9 grams Metal Plate: 2.6 grams Clear Core: 0.9 grams Clear Plate: 0.5 grams Due to the slightly longer length of the Stone Face compared to the original Metal Face, the MSF Custom weighs slightly more than the MF2. As such, the weight combinations are also greater: Heavy: Metal Core + Metal Plate (5.6g) Light: Clear Core + Metal Plate (3.6g) Middle: Metal Core + Clear Plate (3.4g) Feather: Clear Core + Clear Plate (1.4g) Since Zero-G Beys are generally heavier than regular Metal Fight Beyblades, a Metal Stone Face Custom Ver. is not always a necessity, especially in mixed matches (Zero-G vs. MFB). In particular, a good Synchrome Defense customization may actually lose some usability with MSF-H due to the loss of stamina. Despite Middle and Light being nearly identical in weight, their weight distribution is different and as such should be used in different combinations. Weight placed on the outside, in MSF-Light's case, can theoretically help Stamina types, however it is preferred when their weight is distributed even farther from the center. Consequently, only Metal Stone Face Custom's Heavy mode sees real use in competition. Use in Defense Customizations By adding a Metal Face to a Defense customization, its weight is significantly increased, hence making it more difficult to knock around: MF-H Duo Bull/Aquario/Kerbecs BD145RDF is a competitive Defense customization which utilizes the Metal Face in such a way. This principle can equally be applied to Zero-G's Synchrom combos. Use in Attack Customizations Metal Faces can also be used in Attack customizations. The extra weight helps to slow down their quick movement, which can help inexperienced players control customizations with RF, for example. It also makes them While Metal Faces can be extremely useful in Defense customizations, they are not recommended for use with Stamina customizations. The extra weight near the centre has been shown to reduce spin time, hence decreasing the Stamina Beyblade?s main function because of the higher friction between the tip and the stadium floor. Gallery Overall Metal Faces are primarily an extremely useful part in Defense customizations, as well as in some Attack combinations to increase controbality. Lighter combinations of the Metal (Stone) Face's Custom Version are helpful even in Stamina combos. Additionally, they can be used to add weight in any other customization. Therefore, every player should own multiples of this part. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Metal_Face&oldid=12520"
