MS Wheel List - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization MS Wheel List From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Contents 1 Aquario 2 Bull 3 Capricorne 4 Escolpio 5 L Drago 6 Leone 7 Libra 8 Pegasis 9 Pisces 10 Sagittario 11 Gemios 12 Virgo 13 Quetzalcoatl 14 Wolf Aquario Weight: 35.5 grams This Wheel is generally rounded with four textured fins protruding from its circumference, forming waves. Between these fins are empty semicircles used to prevent (early) breakage. Aquario, just like Wolf, has its protrusions facing the opposite way to its spin direction, presumably to avoid the massive Recoil that would be experienced if they had been facing the right direction. Since only the rounded parts of the protrusions can be used for Attack, its offensive potential is mediocre. The considerable space between each wave also prevents it from being efficient in Defense and Stamina, as it would need a more united, even rounder shape. At release, the fins of Aquario provided a decent amount of Smash Attack, but now it definitely does not compare to the existing top-tier Wheels, and many other Wheels from lower tiers even. A second mold variation of the Aquario Wheel was introduced when this bey was re-released as a "PREMIUM RETURN" in BB-72 Booster Aquario 105F, in order to correspond with the "Beyblade Metal Fight Explosion", the second season of the anime. This new mold is slightly heavier compared to the first mold, but the effect this has on the Beyblade's performance is minimal to non-existent. The exact weight is 36.6 grams. This second mold also uses a darker colour of paint. Beyblade: Aquario 105F Bull Bull Weight: 36 Grams Maximum Outer Diameter: 45.22 Millimeters Maximum Height: 10.88 Millimeters The Bull Wheel consists of two long, sloped wings adjacent to each other, both ending in a point. Along with this, there are two half-circles on a slight incline in the space between the slopes, emulating the nose rings sometimes worn by bulls. Bull was originally considered to be one of the most offensive MFB Wheels, but was subsequently outclassed with the release of Quetzalcoatl. The design of Bull is similar to that of Quetzalcoatl. Despite this similarity, there is one key difference: the Smash Attack points. Both are visibly different, and this is the major factor contributing to the vast differences in their performance. Quetzalcoatl, but more so Bull, appear to have impressive Upper Attack slopes, but in reality, as with most MFB Wheels, they do not exhibit Upper Attack in battle. As a result of these factors, Bull is outclassed by numerous other Wheels. Beyblade: Bull 125SF Capricorne Weight: 32.5 grams Capricorne Capricorne's design has two main elements related to a goat: at two opposite ends, there are some hooves with two toes each, and on the right of those start one set of two long, curved horns each. To avoid breaking issues, flat metal connects both horns at their end, but also with the side of the hoof. These precautions and the design create an overall very circular shape with some very simple slopes. In theory, the roundness of this Wheel could make it a good Stamina or Defense type, and the slopes could provide potential Upper Attack, however Capricorne simply lacks all the weight necessary for those properties and its design has no acute points. Also, as is often the case with Wheels, the slopes are not really in the proper direction since Capricorne is only right-spin, and the hooves were oddly placed right at the base of the only good slopes in that spin direction, so they act like boulders. This average, too smooth transition in the relief of this Wheel has rendered it useless since its release, especially with the arrival of the much anticipated Hybrid Wheel System right the following month in Japan. Beyblade: Capricorne 100HF Escolpio Weight: 31 grams Escolpio's design consists of two large scorpion tails connected at each end in a relatively circular shape. The top of each tail is adorned with red rectangles to resemble the divisions on a scorpion's body. Given the circular nature Escolpio has, it may seem suited for Defense and Stamina, as most defensive and endurance Wheels require an uninterrupted rounded shape, which Escolpio is close to having, save for the small crevices created by the lines dividing the sections of the tails. However, Escolpio is not a very good choice for Defense or Stamina despite its ideal shape. This is because the underside of this Wheel is completely hollow, like a bell. As such, it lacks the heavy weight necessary to perform well in either category. Weighing 31 grams, Escolpio is among the lightest Wheels ever created. Even with a Metal Face, it simply does not maintain much of its spin velocity due to the light weight, and when hit, it easily loses the little balance it had, and it cannot counter. For Attack, there are no slopes, protrusions, spikes, or notches on Escolpio to supply any offense. The prototype of Escolpio, however, did have the stinger part of both tails highlighted on the sides of the Wheel, which could have at least provided some element of Attack. However, this element of the design ended up being filled in so that there is barely any relief left on the ends of the Wheel. Being useless in all areas of the metagame since the day it was released, Escolpio is one of the worst Wheels ever created. Beyblade: Escolpio WD145B L Drago L Drago Weight: 32 grams The L Drago Wheel is the first in the series of "L Drago"s, and was thus the first left-spin Wheel released. Its design consists of three dragon heads facing counter-clockwise. The heads are flat where the "snout" and teeth of the dragons are and taper in a slope-like form towards the "horn" and "neck" of the dragons, where the thickest part of the wheel is. The three dragon head slopes are in the shape required for Upper Attack, but given that for Upper Attack to work both Beyblades must be spinning in the same direction, the fact that there are very few left-spin MFB, and that Upper Attack has never seemed to be effective with MFB, makes this point negligible. Despite the fact that the Wheel has no sharp contact points, L Drago does indeed have some slight Spike Attack through the small details and angle changes on the dragon heads, but overall it is outclassed as an Attack type Wheel. Where L Drago shines is in destabilizing; its left-spin direction combined with huge slopes provide powerful destabilization against the opposing Beyblade. That said, L Drago has fallen into disuse due to the presence of parts like BD145 and heavier Metal Wheels that can KO it easily. Beyblade:L Drago 105F Leone Leone Weight: 38 grams Maximum Outer Diameter: 43.57 Millimeters Maximum Height: 8.97 Millimeters Leone's Wheel has been designed to be very compact although due to the high recoil of this wheel it has been outclassed for defensive purposes by Earth, Libra and even Rock. Due to the wheel's high recoil it has proved to have promise as an attack wheel and is best utilised in the Attack customizations MF Leone H145RF, MF Leone 145RF, or Leone 100RF as a Recoil attacker. Beyblade: Leone 145D Libra Libra Weight: 40.5 grams Libra's design is very circular, with numerous extremely small notches surrounding its perimeter. This, combined with its fairly heavy weight in proportion to other Wheels, made Libra one of the best Defense-oriented Wheels available for many years. It has since been outclassed many times over by Wheels such as Basalt. Prior to the release of Basalt, Libra was the heaviest Wheel ever produced. Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Old: Left, New: Right Libra has three different molds. The first mold was released in BB-18 Booster Libra DF145BS and BB-22 Bey Reshuffle Set Stamina & Defense Type, and the second in BB-25 Random Booster Vol.2 Legend Pisces. The second mold addressed breaking problems that the original mold faced by reinforcing the underside of four sections of the Wheel (pictured to the right). The performance of each mold varies from Wheel to Wheel; some are slightly heavier than others, which would make them better suited for Defense customizations, while lighter ones would be more effective in Stamina customs, the difference however is negligible. The third mold is released in BB-96 Beyblade Super Deck Set; this new mold is now allowed by WBBA regulations as adding a Metal face will result in the weight of 47.36g. Beyblade: Libra DF145BS Pegasis Original Pegasis Current Pegasis Design change: The original design of Pegasis was changed to the current design sometime before the launch of Metal Fight Beyblade. No official statement was made, but the Beyblade community has speculated that it was because of probable breakage problems with each section on the Wheel. Weight: 36 Grams Maximum Outer Diameter: Close Approximate 44.40 Millimeters Maximum Height: Close Approximate 12.16 Millimeters Pegasis consists of a three-winged design, much like the latter HWS version. Each of the protrusions has a flat front that connects each other. The protrusions slightly curve upwards, with 2 pointed ridges near the end. The Pegasis Wheel was one of the strongest parts at the release of MFB. Its original design appeared extremely offensive, but it was later changed to the design on the right, possibly due to concerns over breakage. Although outclassed, it has some use in the Smash Attack customisation MF Pegasis 145/85RF. Beyblade: Pegasis 105F Pisces Pisces Weight: 35.4 grams Pisces features two shark heads aligned in the clockwise direction, which gradually become thinner towards the tails. The shark motif is extended to the topside of the Wheel, where a row of shark teeth are positioned next to the entry points for the Launcher prongs. The heads of the sharks are pointed at the end, although the contact points are not exposed prominently enough to provide any significant Smash Attack. The rest of the Wheel is relatively round and smooth, affording it Stamina properties. Pisces is also a relatively heavy Metal System Wheel, and combined with its uninterrupted shape, can provide ample defensive properties. The Wheel has since been outclassed as both a Stamina and Defense Wheel however by a plethora of options such as Earth, which produces significantly less recoil, and Basalt, which is significantly heavier. Beyblade: Pisces D125BS Sagittario Sagittario The Sagitario wheel is generally round with two large crescent shaped sides with another two small spaces inbetween. It has been severly outclassed by the likes of Burn, Flame and even Earth as a Survival wheel. Sagittario has some significant smash attack and can successfully utilise it to score some spectacular KO's. Beyblade: Sagittario 145S Gemios Gemios Weight: 36 grams The Gemios Wheel has a smooth, thick, two winged design. Each wing on Gemios ends with a slightly sloped, rounded edge. Both wings do provide some adequate Smash Attack, but it is rather lacking when compared to other top-tier Attack Wheels. Also, it is only somewhat effective early in the battle while retaining a high spin rate. Finally, the gap between Gemios's wings causes too much recoil, taking away any possible stamina and defensive ability. Overall, Blitz and VariAres are better options. Beyblade: Gemios DF145FS Virgo Virgo Weight: 37 grams Virgo is one of the most smooth, circular Wheels currently available. Its circular shape is composed of two large, and long slopes which connect with each other to form the circle; however, despite their appearance, they don't offer any effective Upper Attack. These properties lend themselves well to Stamina, and despite its relatively average weight in comparison to other Wheels, Virgo had once found its place among the best Stamina-based Wheels available. However, it has since been outclassed greatly. There is no reason to use this Wheel competitively. One very important thing to note is the different mold variations that have been discovered for Virgo. Just looking at the Wheels themselves, it is impossible to tell what the actual difference in the mold is. However, through testing, it has been determined that there are balance issues that certain Virgo Wheels encounter. Some of them have been reported not having a solo spin time above three minutes while others are able to spin for over five minutes. The disparities between the Virgo Wheels cannot be ignored, so it is encouraged to test your Virgo Wheel by itself before using it. Beyblade: Virgo DF145BS Quetzalcoatl Quetzalcoatl Weight: 34.2 grams Quetzalcoatl consists of two large wings which have a long slope upwards towards the top and then small curved slope downwards at the wings peak, along with two smaller protrusions on a slight incline in the gap between the wings. At first glance, the wings of Quetzalcoatl would appear to display both Upper Attack and also some slight Force Smash. Upon closer examination, however, it becomes clear that it displays neither of these traits in battle. In addition, the two protrusions between the wings do not protrude far enough to come into regular contact, and the Wheel itself is quite rounded, leaving it with only two major contact points and relatively moderate Smash Attack, when compared to Wheels such as Vulcan and Lightning that have since been released. Quetzalcoatl was once considered the best Attack Wheel available, but has since been outclassed by Wheels such as the ones listed above. Beyblade:Quetzalcoatl 90WF Wolf Weight: 36 grams The Wolf Wheel has two sides which consist of four close spikes that are meant for Smash Attack. On each side, the words "Wolf Wheel" are engraved. However, there are many problems with these metal protrusions that negate the use of Wolf; the largest one being that the spikes face counter-clockwise, which causes a massive decrease in stamina when the other, right-spin Beyblade hits it. Because of the counter-clockwise facing spikes, its potential to Smash Attack is also hindered because of its own spin direction, which causes the flatter side of the spikes hit to the opposing top. It is generally agreed that Wolf would have held potential as an Attack Wheel if it had been left-spin-compatible, however, it remains that the spikes are so closely packed and not heavy enough that it could have failed in left-spin even at the beginning of the series. Because of this, Wolf has never had any use for Attack competitively, and Metal Wheels such as Blitz and VariAres should be used instead. Wolf also serves no purpose in Defense and Stamina, as the multiple contact points cause too much Recoil. Beyblade: Wolf D125B Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=MS_Wheel_List&oldid=8399"
