Omega Dragonis 85XF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Omega Dragonis 85XF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Omega Dragonis 85XF Number: --- System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Attack Omega Dragonis 85XF was released with the ?Strongest Dragonis 4D Guide,? a special edition of the Japanese magazine CoroCoro. A typographical error on the box labels the Beyblade as ?Omega Dragonis 85WF.? Contents 1 Face: Dragonis 2 Clear Wheel: Dragonis 3 4D Metal Wheel: Omega 3.1 Core 3.2 Frame 4 Track: 85 4.1 Use in Stamina Customizations 5 Bottom: Extreme Flat 6 Gallery 6.1 Omega Dragonis - Original Version 7 Overall Face: Dragonis Weight: 1.08 grams Dragonis depicts a horned dragon's upper body and head, with a wing spread and its claws raised. Clear Wheel: Dragonis Weight: 2.87 grams Dragonis features two daggers with curved blades engraved with tribal designs. To each dagger is attached a chain whip made of diamonds. The whip represents Dragonis? tail, while the dagger may represent its horn, its fangs or its claws. This Clear Wheel is also the only dragon-inspired right-spin part in Metal Fight Beyblade, contrasting the L-Drago series. Competitively, its light weight and its odd weight distribution make it an outclassed part. 4D Metal Wheel: Omega Weight: 37.83 grams Omega is a right-spin 4D Metal Wheel comprised of two parts: a Core and a Frame. It can switch between two modes, Assault and Barrage, by rotating the Frame on the Core. Core Weight: 25.30 grams The Core is composed of six protrusions. Three of them, resembling three overlapping scales, are curved inward, and have a shallow slope. The other three, representing simplistic dragon talons, are blunt and cylindrical, but are overshadowed by the scale protrusions. The underside of the Core slightly overhangs the Track. It is also hollowed, hence its light weight. Frame Weight: 12.53 grams The Frame consists of a simple metal ring with three wings. Two tabs of different widths, matching the sockets on the Core, are placed asymmetrically inside the Ring. This prevents the Frame from being used upside-down, as well as restricting the number of modes the Metal Wheel has. Omega's modes, Assault and Barrage, are distinguished as followed: Assault Mode: In Assault Mode, the Frame is positioned as to cover the gap between the talon and the scale protrusions. Barrage Mode: In Barrage Mode, the Frame completely covers the scale protrusions. Omega is definitely shaped for Attack, but it is not designed as aggressively as other 4D Attack wheels like VariAres or Blitz. This offers advantages and disadvantages, but in Omega?s case, in the current Metagame, it is mostly a disadvantage In many ways, Omega is similar to Lightning; both have six relatively smooth wings, and the the main advantage for both is their low Recoil when compared to top-tier Attack wheels both old and new. The lower Recoil gives the potential for a larger window to KO opponents. However, in Omega's case, it doesn?t have the Stamina which Lightning inherently had through it's ability to spin steal to complement that attribute. It also does not possess the same raw Attack potential, or the weight, that the current top-tier wheels have. But the real problem is the opponents themselves: just as the current Attack wheels are extremely aggressively shaped, the current Defense wheels are heavy and extremely circular, making Omega's modest protrusions less effective, and its light weight more detrimental. The result is that standing between two extremes, Omega requires perfection, in both technique and power/strength, to be remotely effective. In a competitive environment, Flash, VariAres and Blitz are a much more reliable choice. Track: 85 Weight: 0.86 gram Full Width: 21.0 mm Height: 8.50 mm 85 is the shortest Track available. In theory, such a low Track would offer many advantages: Attack-Types can more easily hit the underside of Metal Wheels, or hit directly at the Tracks and Bottoms, while Defense and Stamina benefit from a lower center of gravity, as well as reduced chances of meaningful hits while at the cost of increased chances of scraping on the Stadium floor. Competitively however, Low Track customizations have fallen into disuse with the release of the Boost Disk 145 and 230 Tracks. The former (in Normal Mode) is basically immune to Low Track Attack, while the latter, being made of plastic and being so circular, is much more effective at absorbing hits and prevents opponents from latching onto it. Additionally, in the case of Attack customizations, 85 can be a slightly risky choice, as it increases your chances of scraping while attempting to bank or use the Sliding Shoot; as such, Tracks like 100 or 90 may be preferred depending on how much a (Metal) Wheel overhangs its Track. Use in Stamina Customizations Although unpopular, 85 is most frequently used in Stamina customizations such as Phantom Cancer 85WD. Bottom: Extreme Flat Weight: 0.68 gram Full Width: 15.83 mm Tip Width: 5.91 mm Full Height: 9.01 mm Tip Height: 6.28 mm Extreme Flat is a large, plastic Flat tip with four small pieces of plastics spread evenly on the edge of its circumference. It is the widest plastic Flat bottom, as wide as RF, and one of the fastest aggressive tip. Contrasting RF, XF trades controllability and adherence/grip for speed and stamina. XF therefore has a much harder time achieving and maintaining a flower pattern, often switching to Tornado Stalling under inexperienced hands. Compared to MF, XF retains its superior speed, while its width and material gives it the better grip. However, it still has inferior controllability. Difference in Stamina is the most complex comparison between these two Bottoms. MF is a taller Bottom, and its metal tip is smaller than XF plastic tip, making it better in conventional, same-spin Stamina. On the other hand, XF shorter height and wider tip allows for better stability at low rotational velocity, making it a better choice for the more unconventional spin-equalizing, where MF would just topple over at low rotational velocity. Overall, XF can serve as a potent alternative to RF, adding Stamina to your Attack customizations. However, it is best used in left-spin customizations where it can make full use of its combined Attack and spin-equalizing capabilities. Gallery Hyperblades Legends box - front view Hyperblades Legends box - back view Omega Dragonis - Original Version Omega Dragonis (Assault Mode) top view Omega Dragonis (Assault Mode) 3/4 view Omega Dragonis (Assault Mode) side view Omega Dragonis (Barrage Mode) top view Omega Dragonis (Barrage Mode) 3/4 view Omega Dragonis (Barrage Mode) side view Omega Dragonis bottom view Omega Assault Mode Omega Barrage Mode ?Omega Core top view Omega Core bottow view Omega Frame top view Omega Frame bottom view Dragonis 85 Track Extreme Flat Extreme Flat 3/4 view Overall Omega Dragonis 85XF is an interesting Beyblade, sharing more design similarities with the Metal or Hybrid-Wheel Systems than its own 4D System. However, Dragonis is essentially useless, Omega is unreliable, 85 is basically defunct and XF can be found in lower-priced Beyblades. This considered, and due to the relative rarity of this Beyblade, it should only be considered for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Omega_Dragonis_85XF&oldid=13168"
