Pirates Killerken A230JSB - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Pirates Killerken A230JSB From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization This article is a stub! The next step is to write detailed reviews of the parts' performances based on extensive testing. To this end, please post a draft in The Beywiki Project forum. This article cannot be edited without approval past this point. Pirates Killerken A230JSB Number: BBG-13 System: Beyblade Zero-G Type: Defense Element: Water Contents 1 Stone Face: Killerken 2 Chrome Wheel: Killerken 3 Crystal Wheel: Pirates 4 Track: Armor 230 5 Bottom: Jog Sharp Ball 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Pirates Killerken A230JSB - Hasbro Version 8 Overall Note: The name "Killerken" is a wordplay in Japanese. In that language, Kraken is usually pronounced "kuraaken". However, TAKARA-TOMY made a simple replacement of the first Katakana symbol to make: "kiraaken". While this could have been translated as Kiraken which would result in only a negligible variation of pronunciation, the Japanese company decided to push the wordplay to the limit and actually write it as what "kiraa" also means: killer. Stone Face: Killerken Weight: grams Killerken has a motif inspired by a Kraken, which is a giant octopus from legends. Chrome Wheel: Killerken Weight: 30.45 grams Unlike most of the other Chrome Wheels, Killerken possesses a design which is generally well balanced. Indeed, on one side of the Chrome Wheel, a series of curved lines in the shape of tentacles can be observed in the design and, after a short interruption created by a trapezoid protrusion, the same series of tentacles is reproduced, however it is mirrored. At the other side of the trapezoid, the orb from the Crystal Wheel can be seen, surrounded by a design which resembles the beak of an octopus. The wider parts of the tentacles accumulate near the edges of Killerken, leaving only deeply engraved lines near its center. Crystal Wheel: Pirates Weight: 4.0 grams Pirates is a perfect vertical mirror of Orojya's sides. The combination of both creates a uniform pattern where Pirates continues the patterns of the snakes that are circled around Orojya's structure. Track: Armor 230 Weight: 5.5 grams The A230 Track simply adds upon the regular design of 230. Pyramidal shapes are attached to its core on four sides, with steps all around those pyramids, reminescent of the architecture of most Mesoamerican pyramids. Half of the shapes, opposite to each other, are slightly smaller than the other two. Bottom: Jog Sharp Ball Weight: 0.6 grams As its name suggests, JSB consists of a ball with a slight sharp elongation at its end, with several bumps at the tip, like on Jog Ball. Other Versions Archer Killerken 130B - BBG-23 Random Booster Vol. 3 Bandid Genbull F230TB (Yellow and black stickers) Bandid Killerken 125W²D - BBG-23 Random Booster Vol. 3 Bandid Genbull F230TB (Green and pink stickers) Killerken Balro A230WB - BBG-25 Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Stamina & Defense Type (Pink and black stickers) Gallery Official render of A230 Official render of JSB Pirates Killerken A230JSB - Hasbro Version "Pirate Kraken" top view "Pirate Kraken" 3/4 view "Pirate Kraken" side view 1 "Pirate Kraken" side view 2 "Pirate Kraken" bottom view "Pirate Kraken" (Crystal Up) top view "Pirate Kraken" (Crystal Up) 3/4 view "Pirate Kraken" (Crystal Up) side view 1 "Pirate Kraken" (Crystal Up) side view 2 "Pirate Kraken" (Crystal Up) bottom view Overall Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Pirates_Killerken_A230JSB&oldid=12232"
