Poison Giraffe S130MB - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Poison Giraffe S130MB From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Poison Giraffe S130MB Number: BB-89 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Balance Contents 1 Face: Giraffe 2 Clear Wheel: Giraffe 3 Metal Wheel: Poison 4 Track: Shield 130 4.1 Use In Attack Customization 5 Bottom: Metal Ball 5.1 Use in Balance Customization 5.2 Use in Defense/Balance combo Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Note: This Beyblade was re-named "Poison Zurafa S130MB" and released as a Starter instead of inside a Set by Hasbro. Face: Giraffe The Face on this Beyblade depicts Camelopadalis, one of the 88 constellations in space. The word "Giraffe" is written across its body, even in Hasbro's Zurafa version. Clear Wheel: Giraffe Weight: 2.8 grams The Giraffe Clear Wheel was originally released in a transparent yellow-green color with orange details. The Clear wheel is oval-shaped with curved lines of orange fire, as well as two small notches sticking out, resembling giraffe heads. In this release, it is a clear white with black details. Considering its odd shape with its mundane weight distribution, Giraffe simply finds no use in competitive play compared with much heavier, more well-distributed, and rounder Clear Wheels like Aquario. Metal Wheel: Poison Weight: 29.8 grams Full Width: 46 mm Full Height: 9 mm Circumference Height: 5.3 mm Protrusion Distance: 4 mm Protrusion Width: 8 mm Poison has fifteen rectangular protrusions on its circumference, each the same size and about 4 mm apart at the widest point. While this is not wide enough to provide useful Smash Attack, it still produces relatively large amounts of Recoil, making this part useless for Defense or Stamina. Furthermore, similar to Flame, the Metal Wheel is raised at the base, exposing the Track to opposing Beys, making it even less useful for Defense purposes. This Recoil is worsened by the light weight of the Wheel, which allows it to be easily knocked around and KO'ed by opposing Beys. This means it has little to no use for Attack either. Due to these factors, Poison has absolutely no competitive use. Track: Shield 130 Weight: 3.3 grams Maximum Width: 35.5 mm Minimum Width: 33.0 mm Full Height: 13.00 mm Arc between protrusions: 8.0 mm Made only of plastic, S130 has a horizontal disk attached to its centre. This disk consists of eight arms linked by some relatively round webs of plastic, which overall forms an imperfect circle. In this release S130 is of a dark grey color. S130's inferior weight compared to Tracks like BD145 and GB145 render it outclassed for Defense purposes. However, where this Track has found a home is in Attack combos. S130 adds much needed weight to an attacker without obscuring its contact points. Also, its mid-sized height allows Attack Metal Wheels to score hits on a number of opposing heights. This makes S130 viable to be used with some Attack Wheels, including VariAres and Flash. Use In Attack Customization S130 can be put to good use in the Flash combo MF-H Flash Escolpio/Pisces/Orion S130RF/R²F, adding a decent amount of weight to Flash without covering up contact points, and placing the Metal Wheel at the height where it is most effective in dealing hits, due to its design. Bottom: Metal Ball Weight: 1.4 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 6.87 mm Full Height: 10.96 mm Tip Height: 7.90 mm MB is a variation of the Ball tip, with its bottom surface made fully out of metal. It has a wide surface area and heavy weight, making it a very versatile tip. Being metal, it provides the low friction needed for longer endurance. Its lack of traction makes it very easy to KO and destabilize. As such, it has only found a home in a small number of combos. Use in Balance Customization MB is a vital piece in the Duo combo MF-H Duo Aquario/Cancer/Cygnus 230MB. This combo works as a wobbler combination. Due to the maximal height and the ball-shaped tip, the combo has the ability to wobble at extreme angles and recover. It uses destabilization and force grind to defeat opponents. Because of the nature of MB, its greatest weakness is Attack types however. Use in Defense/Balance combo Customization Although now outclassed, the combo MF-H Basalt ___ BD145MB was one of the first combinations to find competitive use with Metal Ball. This combo has good synergy which means that, as a whole, it works well together. Due to its heavy nature, it couldn?t be knocked out easily. Metal Ball also worked well with BD145 as it requires tall tips to avoid scraping. Lastly, this Bottom can go into aggressive movement patterns if launched a certain way, which works well with Basalt's nature to knock out and/or destabilize others combos. Other Versions S130MB Exclusive WBBA Color Ver. Rock Giraffe R145WB - Starter (lime yellow) Transparent white and black S130 and MB were released as second-place prizes in WBBA tournaments in 2011. They came with a black Face with a silver WBBA logo. Gallery Overall Even though this Beyblade has some outclassed parts, it provides an easy way to acquire S130 and MB, both of which have survived the passage of time and still serve in top-tier customizations. While this can be acquired from the more competitive L-Drago Guardian S130MB, this Beyblade is easier to find and cheaper, so it is an easier alternative. For those only with access to Hasbro releases, it's the best option, especially to make the Basalt combination since this manufacturer hasn't released the good mold of Duo. It can also provide spare MB tips for cheap. In conclusion, this is a worthwhile purchase. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Poison_Giraffe_S130MB&oldid=13410"
