Quetzalcoatl 90WF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Quetzalcoatl 90WF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Quetzalcoatl 90WF Number: N/A System: Metal System Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: Quetzalcoatl 2 Wheel: Quetzalcoatl 2.1 Cancer/Quetzalcoatl Wheel Name Switch by TAKARA-TOMY 2.2 Use in Attack Customization 3 Track: 90 3.1 Use in Attack Customization 3.2 Use in Stamina Customization 4 Bottom: Wide Flat 4.1 Use in Attack Customization 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Quetzalcoatl 90WF - Original Version 6.2 Quetzalcoatl 90WF - DS (Gold) Version 6.3 Quetzalcoatl 90WF - Prototype Version 7 Overall Note: Quetzalcoatl 90WF was originally a prize Beyblade you could win by beating the highest level of the Bey Ta 1 arcade machine, or by trading in 5 Sub-license cards to a WBBA Shop in Japan. It was later released with the Japanese Nintendo DS game Metal Fight Beyblade DS. Face: Quetzalcoatl The Face depicts Quetzalcoatl, the Mesoamerican feathered serpent deity. Wheel: Quetzalcoatl Weight: 34.2 grams Quetzalcoatl consists of two large wings which have a long slope upwards towards the top and then small curved slope downwards at the wings peak, along with two smaller protrusions on a slight incline in the gap between the wings. At first glance, the wings of Quetzalcoatl would appear to display both Upper Attack and also some slight Force Smash. Upon closer examination, however, it becomes clear that it displays neither of these traits in battle. In addition, the two protrusions between the wings do not protrude far enough to come into regular contact, and the Wheel itself is quite rounded, leaving it with only two major contact points and relatively moderate Smash Attack, when compared to Wheels such as Vulcan and Lightning that have since been released. Quetzalcoatl was once considered the best Attack Wheel available, but has since been outclassed by Wheels such as the ones listed above. Cancer/Quetzalcoatl Wheel Name Switch by TAKARA-TOMY Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination The original Quetzalcoatl Wheel was not seen again until spotted in this L Drago promo image. Before the launch of Metal Fight Beyblade, early promo images of what was supposedly the initial lineup were released. They displayed renders for Pegasis, Cheiron (renamed Sagittario), Leo (renamed Leone), Bull, Cancer and Quetzalcoatl. However, when MFB was launched in August of 2008, the Beyblade labeled as "Cancer" in the promo images was released as "Quetzalcoatl", the Wheel described above. Furthermore, when inspecting the design of "Quetzalcoatl" itself, it becomes obvious that the design is derived from the appearance of a crabs claws. Even the Cancer Face itself features claws that are similar in design to the "wings" of Quetzalcoatl. There has been speculation as to why TAKARA-TOMY chose to release Cancer as Quetzalcoatl, however one of the most likely reasons was that the original Wheel labeled as Quetzalcoatl was visibly quite brittle; a fact that is further emphasized by TAKARA-TOMY's subsequent martyrization of the Wheel in various promotional images that followed, as is pictured to the right. As can be observed in those images, the slopes on the Wheel are clearly "feathery" as the deity Quetzalcoatl is described to be, and below the slopes, there are "scales", which relate to the fact that the deity is a "feathered serpent". The original Quetzalcoatl Wheel has never been released in any form. Use in Attack Customization Quetzalcoatl can still be put to use in the Attack customization MF Quetzalcoatl CH120RF. Track: 90 Weight: 0.9 gram Full Width: 21.0 mm Height: 9.00 mm 90 was the lowest Track until the release of 85 with Mercury Anubis. Its low height is good for both low Attack customizations and low Stamina customizations, but is outclassed slightly in both regards by the aforementioned 85. Use in Attack Customization If 85 is unavailable, 90 can still be effective in Attack customizations such as MF Vulcan Horuseus 90R²F. Use in Stamina Customization If 85 is unavailable, 90 can be put to use in the Stamina customization Earth Bull 90WD. Bottom: Wide Flat Weight: 0.6 grams WF, like the name suggests, is a wider version of F. Its significantly larger surface area allows it to travel much faster than F. However, due to the fact that it is plastic, it is slower than RF, as it does not produce as much friction with the stadium floor and is not able to neutralize the recoil of certain Wheels as efficiently as RF. It has also much more trouble maintaining the "flower pattern" from a Sliding Shoot due to this. The upside to its lower friction is that it has much better Stamina than RF, allowing it to be used in destabilizing attackers. Use in Attack Customization WF works exceptionally well in the destabilizing attacker MF L Drago 100WF. MF increases the weight of the Beyblade, which is important in this case because L Drago is one of the lightest Wheels ever created, and while it may not have terribly high recoil, the fact that it is utilizing a plastic Flat Bottom with less friction than a rubber-based Flat Bottom, makes it easier to KO. The 100 Track lowers the Beyblade to a level where it is able to destabilize any opponent, without the risk of scraping the floor with a Track such as 85 or 90. Additionally, it also provides it with a minutely increased amount of precession time, which is vital for this custom, as it will regularly win by a fraction of a second. WF provides enough movement speed to help it KO it's opponent, while still retaining a relatively high amount of Stamina for an Attack type. When pitted against Defense customizations not utilizing 230, this combo has an almost 100% win rate, and will win both by KO and out-spin depending on which parts it's opponent is using. Against Stamina customizations utilizing 230, it performs poorly, just as it does against 230-based Defense customs, but against any other height MF L Drago 100WF has a decent chance at victory depending on the condition of the Bottom it's opponent is using, the strength of their opponents launch, and the Wheel being utilized. Versus conventional Attack types utilizing a rubber-based Bottom such as RF, it also has a decent chance at victory. However, this is only if it is able to outrun said Bottom, something which is entirely possible with WF's high movement speed which rivals that of RF. In these instances it also has the ability to win by KO?often by simply "pushing" the opponent out of the stadium as it circles the Tornado Ridge (remember, WF has a tough time retaining the "flower" pattern)?or via out-spin due to its higher Stamina compared to the RF custom. This combo is far from being perfect, but it is a very safe combo to use in a competitive situation, as you will almost always have at least a chance of winning. Other Versions Quetzalcoatl 90WF - Prototype (Silver) Quetzalcoatl 90WF - Metal Fight Beyblade DS ver. (Gold) There is a 1/8 chance to get either the Quetzalcoatl Face, 90, or WF as a bonus in Boosters from the Metal System (BB-05 to BB-27). Gallery Quetzalcoatl 90WF - Original Version The original Quetzalcoatl Wheel being used in a HWS promotional image. Quetzalcoatl 90WF sticker sheet Quetzalcoatl 90WF Quetzalcoatl 90WF side view Quetzalcoatl 90WF side view Quetzalcoatl Wheel Quetzalcoatl Wheel bottom view Quetzalcoatl Wheel side view 90 WF Quetzalcoatl 90WF - DS (Gold) Version Quetzalcoatl 90WF (DS version) Quetzalcoatl 90WF side view Quetzalcoatl 90WF 3/4 view Quetzalcoatl Face (DS version) Quetzalcoatl Wheel (DS version) 90 (DS version) WF (DS version) Package Quetzalcoatl 90WF (DS version) front view Quetzalcoatl 90WF (DS version) side view Quetzalcoatl 90WF (DS version) 3/4 view Quetzalcoatl 90WF (DS version) underside view Quetzalcoatl 90WF - Prototype Version Quetzalcoatl 90WF Quetzalcoatl 90WF bottom view 90 and WF Overall While Quetzalcoatl and 90 were staples in the early Metal Fight Beyblade metagame, they have since been outclassed. WF as a pure Attack bottom is outclassed as well, although it still finds a niche in destabilizing attacker customs. There is little reason to own this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Quetzalcoatl_90WF&oldid=13350"
