Ray Unicorno D125CS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Ray Unicorno D125CS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Ray Unicorno D125CS Number: BB-71 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Attack Contents 1 Name Change 2 Face: Unicorno 3 Clear Wheel: Unicorno 4 Metal Wheel: Ray 4.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 4.2 Use in Attack Customization 5 Track: Defense 125 5.1 Use in Attack customization 5.2 Use in Stamina customization 6 Bottom: Coat Sharp 6.1 Use in Defense Customization 6.2 Use in Balance Customization 6.3 Use in Attack Customization 7 Other Versions 8 Gallery 8.1 Ray Unicorno D125CS (regular) 8.2 Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Ver. 9 Overall Name Change Ray Unicorno D125CS was released by Hasbro as Ray Striker D125CS. Face: Unicorno The Face of Ray Unicorno depicts Monoceros, one of the 88 constellations in space. Monoceros depicts the Unicorn. Clear Wheel: Unicorno Weight: 2.7 grams Full Width: 34.75 mm Full Height: 3.43 mm The Unicorno Clear Wheel was initially released in a teal tint. It features three unicorns with orange horns. Being one of the few three-sided Clear Wheels, Unicorno is especially useful for three-sided Metal Wheels like Ray, Blitz, and Hell to provide an even weight distribution. Metal Wheel: Ray Weight: 30.4 grams Full Width: 45.05 mm Full Height: 7.39 mm Ray has a relatively thin, slightly bumpy, three-winged design. Between each of these "wings" are small gaps, which allow the blunt ends of each wing to provide a small amount of Smash Attack. Additionally, along each wing there are two indents which follow the contours of the Metal Wheel; these indents are pronounced enough to provide additional Spike Attack and work in tandem with the aforementioned blunt ends of each wing. Ray's window to KO the opponent is quite small, as its Smash Attack is only prominent at the very high spin velocities found at the beginning of each battle. Ray has fallen into disuse since the introduction of RS and other rubber-based Defense Bottoms, as it has tremendous difficulty KOing such Bottoms. And, there are also numerous other Metal Wheels that outclass it, such as VariAres and Blitz. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Ray has two different molds. The first mold was released in the Ray Unicorno D125CS Starter Set, and the second mold was released with the Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Version, the Ray Unicorno D125CS Booster Set, and Ray Gil 100RSF. The second mold rectifies the original mold?s breakage problems. The gaps between the second mold are slightly wider and are more rounded on the inner gaps of Ray than the original mold. This change was carried foward to all further releases of the Ray wheel, such as Hasbro's release of Ray Striker. Use in Attack Customization Though Ray is now competitively negligible with the release of rubber defense tips, you can maximize whatever Smash Attack Ray is capable of with the combination: Ray Unicorno 100RF/R²F. Track: Defense 125 Weight: 1.7 gram Full Width: 26.5 mm Core Width: 11 mm Full Height: 12.50 mm Defense 125 is similar to 125 and Tornado 125. Apart from the shifts in weight distribution and air resistance, there are few notable differences. The ring serves no significant defensive purposes. The track?s relatively low height prevents the opponent?s Bey from making any sort of consistent contact. D125 is an outclassed track for Stamina and Defense Customizations. Use in Attack customization D125 can be used to some extent in some Attack customizations. MF Gravity Perseus D125RF is one such combination. Use in Stamina customization If the 85, AD145 or 230 tracks are unavailable to you, D125 can be put to use in the customization Burn Bull D125WD/SD. Bottom: Coat Sharp Weight: 0.8 gram Full Width: 15.88 mm Tip Width: 5.46 mm Sharp Tip Width: 2.79 mm Sharp Tip Angle: 20-25° Full Height: 10.95 mm Tip Height: 7.89 mm The "Sharp" in "Coat Sharp" is derived from the standard plastic S series Bottoms, while the "Coat" refers to the rubber coating that now surrounds the sharp tip. CS acts similar to FS and the Metal Change Core from the HMS era. Because of the rubber coating, different ?sometimes odd? attack patterns can be produced by CS. When launched at an angle or hit onto the Beystadium's slope, it will move more aggressively due to the increase in the amount of traction going from the sharp tip, to the rubber coating. Unforunately however, when CS will begin to move aggressively is often unpredictable, and when it does happen, it usually circles the Tornado Ridge, rather than sweeping into the center of the Beystadium, as if you had Banked or done Sliding Shoot. That said, while CS's aggressive movement can be unpredictable, this is often not a large issue, because some CS's actually cannot be shot or hit into "attack mode" at all. This can be a boon or bane depending on what your Beyblade and strategy is. CS's also has top-tier Defense capabilities, particularly the ones which have trouble moving aggressively. The rubber coat allows for more friction once it gets moved onto the Beystadium's slope, causing more grip, which helps in defending against oncoming attacks. While the defense that the rubber coating of CS provides is good, it is unquestionably inferior to that of RS and RSF. However, what you might lose in defensive ability, you more than gain back in Stamina; for this reason, CS is often used over RS and RSF, which both have incredibly poor Stamina. CS is even used over Bottoms such as those from the Defense series (WD, SD, etc.) as well sometimes, especially on higher Tracks such as 230, which are only made stronger with the additional height of CS, without sacrificing very much Stamina. Use in Defense Customization To put CS's defensive capabilities to use, MF-H Basalt Aquario BD145CS would be the prime choice. Use in Balance Customization Along with having great Stamina, the combo MF Hell Bull/Kerbecs BD145CS (Boost Mode) also has good Defense against Attackers which will be partially neutralized by both the wide, plastic "Boost Disk", and the rubber surrounding the sharp tip of CS. Use in Attack Customization If you happen to have an aggressive CS you can put it to use in the customization MF Lightning LDrago BD145CS. Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Ver. Other Versions Unicorno Exclusive WBBA Color Ver. Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Version - WBBA Exclusive (Clear) Burn Unicorno SW145JB - Random Booster Vol.5 Grand Ketos (Bright Orange) Poison Unicorno 130HF - Random Booster Vol.5 Grand Ketos (Yellow) Ray Striker (Unicorno) D125CS - Hasbro Ray Striker (Unicorno) D125CS - Face-Off: Lightning Sword Showdown (Silver Paint) Ray Striker (Unicorno) D125CS - Hasbro Ultimate Gift Set (Gold Ray, Orange Unicorno) A white and orange-printed Unicorno Face as well as a metallic green Ray Metal Wheel were given to top 3 placers in Grade 4 WBBA events in 2010. A clear black Unicorno Clear Wheel with silver highlights was released as a first-place prize in WBBA events in 2011. It came with a gold and black WBBA Face. A purple Unicorno Clear Wheel with white highlights was released as a third-place prize in Grade 4 WBBA events in 2010. It came with a bronze and black WBBA Face. Gallery Ray Striker Box Front View Ray Striker Box Back View Ray Striker Box Side View One Ray Striker Box Side View Two Ray Striker Box Top View Ray Unicorno D125CS (regular) Ray Unicorno D125CS Ray Unicorno D125CS 3/4 View Ray Unicorno D125CS Bottom View Ray Unicorno D125CS Side View Unicorno Clear Wheel Ray Metal Wheel Ray Metal Wheel Side View Ray Metal Wheel Bottom View D125 CS Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Ver. Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Ver. top view Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Ver. underside view Unicorno Aurora Ver. Face Unicorno Clear Wheel (clear) Ray Metal Wheel (purple) Ray Metal Wheel (purple) underside view Defense 125 Track (clear) Coat Sharp Bottom (clear plastic and rubber) Overall While most of Ray Unicorno D125CS's parts may be outclassed, the incredible versatility of CS?a Bottom which can be used in all types to great effect?makes this Beyblade well worth the purchase. Because CS wears down over time, every Blader should own multiples of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Ray_Unicorno_D125CS&oldid=13406"
