Ray Gil 100RSF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Ray Gil 100RSF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Ray Gil 100RSF Number: BB-91 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: Gil 2 Clear Wheel: Gil 3 Metal Wheel: Ray 3.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 4 Track: 100 5 Bottom: Rubber Semi-Flat 5.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 5.2 Use in Defense Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Ray Gil 100RSF - Original Version 8 Overall Face: Gil The Face depicts the Carina constellation, one of the 88 constellations in space. Clear Wheel: Gil Weight: 2.7 Grams The Gil Clear Wheel has an asymmetrical design with a translucent purple color along with light blue details. One side of Gil features a dragon?s head, while the latter depicts the bones of its feet. The rest of Gil is the bones of a dragon's body. Since Gil's shape is asymmetrical, this makes it very unbalanced. Due to the weight being different on both sides, the Gil Clear Wheel should not be used for any competitive combos, as its weight distribution is off. Metal Wheel: Ray Weight: 29.6 Grams Ray has a relatively thin, slightly bumpy, three-winged design. Between each of these "wings" are small gaps, which allow the blunt ends of each wing to provide a small amount of Smash Attack. Additionally, along each wing there are two indents which follow the contours of the Metal Wheel; these indents are pronounced enough to provide additional Spike Attack and work in tandem with the aforementioned blunt ends of each wing. Ray's window to KO the opponent is quite small, as its Smash Attack is only prominent at the very high spin velocities found at the beginning of each battle. Ray has fallen into disuse since the introduction of RS and other rubber-based Defense Bottoms, as it has tremendous difficulty KOing such Bottoms. And, there are also numerous other Metal Wheels that outclass it, such as VariAres and Blitz. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Ray has two different molds. The first mold was released in the Ray Unicorno D125CS Starter Set, and the second mold was released with the Ray Unicorno D125CS Aurora Version, the Ray Unicorno D125CS Booster Set, and Ray Gil 100RSF. The second mold rectifies the original mold?s breakage problems. The gaps between the second mold are slightly wider and are more rounded on the inner gaps of Ray than the original mold. This change was carried foward to all further releases of the Ray wheel, such as Hasbro's release of Ray Striker. Track: 100 Weight: 1.0 Grams This track is currently the third lowest track available, but is outclassed in terms of Attack and Stamina by the 85 and 90 Tracks. 100 usually has no problem with floor scrapes, and while it is generally an outclassed part, is still competitively viable, particularly in Attack customizations where it is able to make good contact with most opposing Beyblades. Bottom: Rubber Semi-Flat Weight: 0.7 grams RSF, or Rubber Semi-Flat, is an SF Bottom completely made out of rubber. It is essentially a flat tip with a smaller radius, affording it a firm, defensive grip on the Stadium, but still allowing for a somewhat aggressive movement pattern with the proper launch. Its drawbacks, however, are that it has shown major weaknesses against Left-Spin Beyblades such as Lightning L Drago, much like RS. RSF, like most Rubber Performance Tips, suffers from poor Stamina, although it has been shown to have slightly more Stamina than RS, due to a wider surface area, resulting in better balance at the end of a battle. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations RSF has two Mold variations. The RSF's included in Random Booster Vol.7 Beat Lynx, specifically with the Bey Tornado Horuseus 130RSF. This mold appears to be made of a softer rubber, and thereby behaves more aggressively than other molds. This should be taken into consideration when choosing a method of obtaining an RSF. The RSF included with Blitz Unicorno 100RSF is of the harder rubber variant. Use in Defense Customization RSF can be utilized in the Defense customization MF-H Basalt Kerbecs BD145RSF. Other Versions Gil Exclusive WBBA Color Ver. A clear red Gil Clear Wheel with gold highlights was released as a third-place prize in WBBA tournaments. It came with the black Face with a bronze WBBA logo. Gallery Package (front) Package (back) Package (side) Ray Gil 100RSF - Original Version Ray Gil 100RSF Ray Gil 100RSF (Bottom View) Ray Gil 100RSF (Side View) Gil Face Gil Clear Wheel Ray Metal Wheel Ray Metal Wheel (Bottom View) Ray Metal Wheel (Side View) Rubber Semi-Flat Rubber Semi-Flat (Side View) Overall Ray Gil 100RSF mainly consists of outclassed parts, with the exception of RSF, which comes with the infinitely more useful Blitz Unicorno 100RSF. There is little reason to buy this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Ray_Gil_100RSF&oldid=13413"
