Rock Escolpio T125JB - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Rock Escolpio T125JB From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Rock Escolpio T125JB Number: BB-65 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Defense Contents 1 Face: Escolpio 2 Clear Wheel: Escolpio 2.1 Use in Attack Customization 3 Metal Wheel: Rock 3.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variation 4 Track: Tornado 125 4.1 Use in Attack Customization 5 Bottom: Jog Ball 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Poison Scorpio M145Q 8 Overall Note: This Beyblade was re-named "Rock Scorpio T125JB" and released as a Starter by Hasbro. Face: Escolpio The Face on this Beyblade depicts Scorpio, the eighth astrological sign in the Zodiac. In Hasbro's release, the "Escolpio" writing is smudged. Clear Wheel: Escolpio Weight: 2.3 grams The Escolpio Clear Wheel is of a clear brown-red colour, featuring 2 "Stingers" on opposing ends of the Clear Wheel. It is the second lightest Clear Wheel available. Due to Escolpio's small shape and slopes, using Escolpio increases contact with the Metal Wheel, and decreases contact with the Clear Wheel. This is particularly useful for increasing a Beyblade's Smash Attack and its potential to destabilize the opposing Beyblade. Use in Attack Customization Escolpio can be used in the powerful Smash Attack combination Flash Escolpio GB145RF/R²F. Metal Wheel: Rock Weight: 31.4 grams Rock has six large protrusions with small, shallow gaps between each one. It also overhangs the Track much like the original Leone Metal Wheel, although to a smaller extent. Rock is outclassed in every possible way however, even if it had minimal potential in Smash Attack during a certain era. Its Recoil is too important, its weight is unable to compete with most Metal Wheels, and its rounded shape is too passive to be any real threat in Attack. IMPORTANT: Mold Variation Rock has 3 different Molds: 0 Cylinders (31.4 grams), 3 Cylinders (32.6 grams), and 6 Cylinders (32.7 grams). The 0 Cylinder Mold is only available from TAKARA-TOMY products, while the 3 and 6 Cylinder Molds are available from both Takara Tomy and Hasbro products. Rock suffers from recoil, but the best way to tame this is to use a Mold with more Cylinders, as more Cylinders result in less Recoil. The 6 Cylinder Mold has the most Stamina of the three, due to the weight of the Cylinders carrying the momentum around the outside of the wheel. It is also superior to the other Molds in terms of Attack and Defense. Track: Tornado 125 Weight: 1.7 gram Full Width: 24.5 mm Minimum Width: 17 mm Full Height: 12.50 mm T125 has four upward-facing wing protrusions spaced apart widely. The Track is designed to work in a similar way to DF145, although this effect of downward force it produces is highly negligible. The performance of this Track is similar to D125, and as a height, is generally overshadowed by CH120. Use in Attack Customization Although CH120 is considerably more versatile than T125, T125 can still be used to a moderate degree of effectiveness in MF Gravity Perseus T125RF (Attack Version, Counter Mode). Metal Wheels that were released subsequently to Gravity and that do better in Attack, like VariAres and Blitz, can also fit well with T125 and other 125 Tracks, however the combination of Gravity and T125 is notable because Gravity cannot perform as well at any other height. Bottom: Jog Ball Weight: 0.7 grams JB is of the "Ball' series of bottoms, and is most similar in size to WB. What is unique about this Bottom is the tiny spikes all over its round surface. These reduce the amount of surface area touching the stadium, making it less effective for Defense than WB. JB has found above-mediocre use in one combination only, which is a Left-Spin Destabilizer Combo: L Drago 100JB. Other Versions Rock Scorpio T125JB - Hasbro BEYBLADE: Metal Fusion Starter Poison Scorpio M145Q - Hasbro BEYBLADE: Metal Fusion Burning Firestrike Faceoff Set (Opaque dark gray Clear Wheel) Counter Escolpio 145D - Beyblade Deck Attack & Defence Set (Transparent black Clear Wheel with red stickers) Killer Escolpio 100D - Random Booster Vol. 6 (Transparent green-grey Clear Wheel) Burn Escolpio 100RF - Random Booster Vol. 6 (Transparent dark grey Clear Wheel with turquoise stickers) Gallery Poison Scorpio M145Q Poison Scorpio Top View Poison Scorpio Side View Poison Scorpio Front Side View Poison Scorpio Bottom View Poison Scorpio Parts Overall Rock Escolpio T125JB consists of generally outclassed parts. As a result, there is little or no reason to purchase this Beyblade aside from collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Rock_Escolpio_T125JB&oldid=13403"
