Round Shell MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Round Shell MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Round Shell MS (Metal Snipe) Number: MA-19 System: HMS Type: Defense Contents 1 Bit Protector (BP): Turtle Emblem 2 Attack Ring (AR): Turtle Crusher 2.1 Use in Wobbling Customization 2.2 Shared Metal Frame 3 Running Core (RC): Rubber Weight Core 3.1 Use in Force Smash Customization 4 Running Shooter 5 Running Mode 6 Gallery 7 Overall Bit Protector (BP): Turtle Emblem The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is Turtle Emblem. It is the second mould of Bit Protectors. Attack Ring (AR): Turtle Crusher Weight: 21 grams Turtle Crusher is a heavy AR with its weight focused entirely on two adjacent sides. Its Metal Frame has two large, blunt projections at each end. On the underside, hidden by the ABS Caul are two small metal nubs. The entire Metal Frame is bluntly designed for Smash Attack. Because the weight of Turtle Crusher is focused on adjacent ends, it has very poor balance. However, this poor balance works perfectly with the design of the Metal Frame for Wobbling. You can build a Wobbling combo with very high Smash Attack capability using Turtle Crusher. Unfortunately, Turtle Crusher lost a lot of its use when Aero Knight MS was released. Its AR, Knight Crusher, has the same Metal Frame as Turtle Crusher, but the ABS Caul has better Smash Attack. Use in Wobbling Customization AR: Turtle Crusher (Round Shell MS) WD: CWD Circle Attacker (Phantom Fox MS) RC: Bearing Core (Wolborg MS) Shared Metal Frame Turtle Crusher's Metal Frame is the same as Aero Knight MS's Knight Crusher. Running Core (RC): Rubber Weight Core Weight: 20 grams Rubber Weight Core is unique in that it takes the position of both the WD and RC. It is essentially a weighted cylinder with a layer of rubber on the outside and a semi-flat plastic tip. This is the only Beyblade designed with rubber that is designed to make contact with the opponent, which makes Rubber Weight Core a completely unique part that cannot be substituted. The function is the rubber is to act as a defensive mechanism by absorbing the shock from contact with the opposing Beyblade. In practice, this function works fairly well; most clashes will result in a soft sound and Rubber Weight Core losing little ground. However, there are issues with using Rubber Weight Core as a primary Defense RC. Most HMS Attack-types work using Upper Attack, not Smash Attack. Rubber Weight Core does not protect against Upper Attack as well as a free-spinning CWD does. Rubber Weight Core's tip is plastic, and does not have very much friction with the stadium. While this increases Survival ability, this tip is very easy to knock around the stadium. Another great function of Rubber Weight Core is its Force Smash ability. The lower rim of the rubber shell is on a diagonal angle that gradually forces the opposing Beyblade downward into the stadium floor. This strategy is very common in a specific Wolborg MS-killing combo that is listed in this article. For this RC to function properly, it has to be spinning in the same spin direction as the opposing Beyblade. If it is opposite, this RC will perform very poorly. It will not be able to deflect hits properly and can be outspun by even aggressive Attack-type Beyblades. For pure Defense-types, Jiraiya MS's Bearing Core 2 is a better choice. However, this does not mean this RC has no use. Use in Force Smash Customization This combo in the same spin direction has a high rate of victory against combos based on Wolborg MS's Bearing Core. The high spin velocity combined with the Force Smash and halting capabilities of the rubber means it is able to outspin Bearing Core. AR: Metal Ape (Magical Ape MS) RC: Rubber Weight Core (Round Shell MS) Running Shooter Included in this package is a grip called the Running Shooter. However, for it to function, you must already have an HMS Customize Grip. The part that is detachable from the handle of the HMS Customize Grip is attached to the Running Shooter. It is a very small grip that is molded to fit fingers. For shooting techniques that require the shooter to move quickly, it is often a better choice than HMS Customize Grip. However, if you need to hold the shooter still, HMS Customize Grip is still a better choice. Running Mode Round Shell MS?s gimmick is known as running mode; using the running shooter included in the package, it is possible to launch Round Shell MS vertically, making it roll like a tire. To do this, you must remove the AR, Bit Protector, and fasten the Running Protector in its place. With the Running Protector attached, you can turn Rubber Weight Core on its side put it into the special attachment on the running shooter. Running mode has absolutely no uses in any battle situations, and is not tournament legal. Gallery Sticker sheet Turtle Crusher Round Shell MS 3/4 view Running mode Running Shooter Running Shooter with RSMS Running Shooter sideview with RSMS Running Shooter handle with HMS Customize Grip launcher Running Shooter handle with HMS Customize Grip launcher back RSMS in Running Shooter with winder inserted Rubber Weight Core dissembled Overall Turtle Crusher does have some use, but Aero Knight MS's Knight Crusher or the second mould of Death Gargoyle MS's Circle Upper both work just as well or better. However, Rubber Weight Core does have some particularly good niche uses, and the Running Shooter is very valuable for Attack-type Beyblades. This set is a good addition to any Blader's collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Round_Shell_MS&oldid=12049"
