Sagittario 145S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Sagittario 145S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Sagittario145S Number: BB-03 System: Metal System Type: Stamina Contents 1 Face: Sagittario 2 Wheel: Sagittario 3 Track: 145 4 Bottom: Sharp 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 7 Overall Sagittario is one of the first four Metal Fight Beyblades released, and it is part of the Horoscope Series along with Pegasis, Leone, and Bull, notably. Face: Sagittario The Face on this Beyblade depicts Sagittarius, which is a sign in the Zodiac. Wheel: Sagittario The Sagittario Wheel is generally round featuring two large crescents forming Sagittario's bows with another two small spaces in between. This Wheel has been severely outclassed by the likes of Burn , Flame and even Earth as a Survival Wheel, therefore it cannot measure at all against top-tier Stamina Metal Wheels such as Duo. Due to its aggression, it could be well utilized as a Smash Attacker with the ability to score some amazing KO's thanks to its compacted weight around the edges. However, it has since been completely outclassed by the much heavier Metal Wheels and Chrome Wheels released such as Girago, Flash, VariAres, etc. which have more aggressive features. Track: 145 Weight: 1.47 grams Full Width: 20 mm Minimum Width: 18 mm Height: 14.50 mm 145, along with its variants (C145, DF145, etc.), was once the highest Track available, until the 230 Track was released with Flame Byxis. It can be used in Stamina customs to great effect due to its tall height, which allows for more wobbling as the Beyblade loses its spin velocity. However, gimmick-paired Tracks like BD145 have immensely outclassed their original bare variant, on top of several taller gimmick Tracks surpassing 145 as well against heavy, mid-height Attackers. Even in Stamina battles, 145 does not offer enough balance: Tracks like AD145 and W145 provide a good center of gravity, and aid with a slight downforce to maintain stability. Bottom: Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.91 mm Tip Width: 4.14 mm Full Height: 8.83 mm Tip Height: 6.82 mm Tip Angle: 35° The Sharp Bottom offers very little movement and as such provides no attack potential. The pointed tip allows for very little friction between the Bottom and the stadium surface, which helps prevent the loss of spin velocity. However, due to the fine nature of the tip, the Bottom is easily knocked off balance, and hence is outclassed by superior alternatives such as WD or SD for Stamina. Other Versions Sagittario 125SF - BB-07 Booster Sagittario 125SF (Green) Sagittario 145SF - Random Booster Vol.1 Secret Aries (Red) Sagittario 145D - Random Booster Vol.1 Secret Aries (Blue) Gallery Sagittario145S Sagittario145S side view Face Wheel Track Sharp Bottom Tool Stickers Inside of packaging Back of packaging Overall Although it may have served in specialised Attack customs at the beginning of Metal Fight Beyblade, the Sagittario Wheel is now excessively light and its successor Flash is more useful in every possible way. Each of Sagittario 145S' parts are completely outclassed, therefore there is no reason to purchase this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Sagittario_145S&oldid=13375"
