Sea Dragon - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Sea Dragon From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Sea Dragon Number: N/A System: HMS Type: Defense Contents 1 Name Change 2 Bit Protector (BP): Sea Dragon Emblem 3 Attack Ring (AR): Seagon Attacker 3.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 3.2 Use in Survival Customization 4 Weight Disk (WD): CWD Defense Ring 4.1 Use in Upper Attack Customization 4.2 Use in Defense Customization 5 Running Core (RC): Metal Ball Core 5.1 Use in Defense Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Sea Dragon - Original Version 8 Overall Name Change Hasbro released Sea Dragon as Sea Drake. Bit Protector (BP): Sea Dragon Emblem The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is Sea Dragon Emblem. It is the first mold of Bit Protectors. It is the loosest version. Attack Ring (AR): Seagon Attacker Weight: 22 grams Seagon Attacker is one of the most unusual AR designs ever. The metal frame lays on top of the ABS Caul, the inverse of what all other HMS AR designs have. Going around the edge are metal walls with three bumps on each side to assist in deflecting attacks. In left spin, Seagon Attacker has two hammer heads that have incredibly strong Smash Attack that can often stop the opposing Beyblade in one hit if they make contact. However, the recoil is so high that most hits usually result in the Beyblade using Seagon Attacker to either stop or self-KO. For this reason, Seagon Attacker is generally not utilized. Use in Smash Attack Customization While not the best choice, you can build a Smash Attack combo using Seagon Attacker. AR: Seagon Attacker (Sea Dragon) WD: Circle Wide RC: Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) (Dragoon MS UV) Use in Survival Customization You can use Seagon Attacker to add Defense and Attack to your Survival-type combo. AR: Seagon Attacker (Sea Dragon) WD: Circle Wide RC: Bearing Core (Wolborg MS) Weight Disk (WD): CWD Defense Ring Weight: 17 grams CWD Defense Ring is the most important part of this Beyblade. It is the heaviest and most compact CWD available, not to mention it is fixed. This CWD is used to add weight to most Beyblades, resulting in controllability, higher spin velocity, higher Defense, and many other attributes. Another important note is that the Takara version of this Beyblade comes from HMS Random Booster Act 2, which comes with a 17g metal piece for CWDs. The normal weight of these is 15g. This 2g difference adds a significant portion of weight to any Beyblade. Use in Upper Attack Customization This CWD became popular for heavy Upper Attack Beyblades. This is the most common style of customization. AR: Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS)/Circle Upper (Death Gargoyle MS) WD: CWD Defense Ring (Sea Dragon) RC: Grip Flat Core (Dragoon MS)/Grip Flat Core (Ultimate Version) (Dragoon MS UV) Use in Defense Customization You can use this CWD to add weight and spin velocity to your Defense combo. AR: Metal Ape (Magical Ape MS) WD: CWD Defense Ring (Sea Dragon) RC: Bearing Core 2 (Jiraiya MS) Running Core (RC): Metal Ball Core Weight: 3 grams Metal Ball Core is a rather tall RC with a free-spinning metal ball at the base of it, with a small chamber of grease that coats it. Because the ball moves independently from the rest of the Beyblade, recoil is lessened when it is hit back in battle. There are several other RCs available for Defense-types: Samurai Changer MS's Battle Change Core Advance Guardian's Grip Sharp Core Round Shell MS's Rubber Weight Core Jiraiya MS's Bearing Core 2 With this in mind, it is hard to find a place for Metal Ball Core in the spectrum. Still, it does have some use for Defense customization. Use in Defense Customization You can use Metal Ball Core to build a Defense combo. AR: Metal Ape (Magical Ape MS) WD: CWD God Ring (Shining God MS) RC: Metal Ball Core (Sea Dragon) Other Versions Sea Dragon - HMS Random Booster 5 (Light Blue) Gallery Sea Dragon sticker sheet Sea Dragon - Original Version Sea Dragon top view Sea Dragon side view Sea Dragon underside view Seagon Attacker AR CWD Defense Ring Overall Seagon Attacker and Metal Ball Core are negligible as parts. However, CWD Defense Ring is not negligible; it is one of the most basic parts for customizing with HMS. Combine this with the 17g metal piece for the CWD, and it becomes a must-have item. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Sea_Dragon&oldid=13101"
