Seaborg 2 - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Seaborg 2 From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. However, the Overall section has been updated based on this new information, and as such is a reliable source of information. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Seaborg 2 Number: A-40 System: 5-Layer Type: Attack Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Whale Crusher 1.1 Use in OHKO Customisation 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Wide 3 Spin Gear (SG): Right SG 4 Blade Base (BB): SG Flat 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Seaborg 2 - Original Version 6.2 Seaborg 2 - Hyperblades Version 6.3 Seaborg 2 - Transluscent Red Version 6.4 Seaborg 2 - Sticker sheet 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Whale Crusher Weight: 8 Grams Whale Crusher is useful for Smash Attack as it has a very wide attack range. In left spin, Whale Crusher has the ability to perform Smash attack. Eight Spiker is generally a better choice, but Whale Crusher's weight and size may prove more suitable to your strategy, as its larger diameter gives it a higher chance of making contact. Whale Crusher in right spin can be used in Defense type customizations and has a slight amount of Upper Attack. The Survival of this AR is generally considered to be too low to be used properly in a Defensive customization and Smash Turtle is usually preferred. Use in OHKO Customisation AR: Whale Crusher (Seaborg 2) WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo Left SG Heavy Metal Core (Metal Driger) BB: SG Metal Flat Base (Gaia Dragoon V) This style of attack is very risky as it generally has to win very quickly or it will just spin out, however the Metal Flat Tip allows it to spin a little longer than if Storm Grip Base were used. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Wide See Eight Wide Spin Gear (SG): Right SG See Right SG Blade Base (BB): SG Flat See SG Flat Other Versions Seaborg 2 - Hyperblades Version (Light and Dark Green) Seaborg 2 - White Random Booster Version Seaborg 2 - Red Translucent Random Booster Version Gallery Seaborg 2 - Original Version Seaborg 2 3/4 view Whale Crusher Attack Ring Seaborg 2 Parts Seaborg 2 - Hyperblades Version Seaborg 2 Hyperblades Ver. Seaborg 2 - Transluscent Red Version Seaborg 2 (Red Translucent Version) 2/3 View Whale Crusher (Red Translucent Version) Seaborg 2 (Red Translucent Version) Bottom View Seaborg 2 (Red Translucent Version) Parts Seaborg 2 (Red Translucent Version) Upper View Seaborg 2 - Sticker sheet Sticker sheet Overall While Whale Crusher's solid Upper Attack ability is a nice touch, the fact it is too aggressive to be used for Spin Stealing Upper Attack (the only competitive Upper Attack-based type aside from Driger V2 combinations, which inherently only use Upper Claw as their Attack Ring) yet not powerful enough to be an effective choice for Smash Attack in either spin direction leaves Seaborg 2 without any truly competitive parts. Unless one is desperate, this Beyblade is only worth buying for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Seaborg_2&oldid=12470"
