Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD Number: BBG-02 System: Beyblade Zero-G Type: Balance Element: Fire Contents 1 Metal Stone Face: Saramanda 2 Chrome Wheel: Saramanda 2.1 When used as the top Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom 2.2 When used as the bottom Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom 2.3 When in Synchrom with another Saramanda 3 Crystal Wheel: Shinobi 4 Track: Switch 145 4.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 5 Bottom: Semi-Defense 5.1 Use in Stamina Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD 7.2 Saramanda Ifraid DF145XF 7.3 Ninja Salamander SW145SD (Hasbro Samurai Cyclone Battle Set) 8 Overall Note: Saramanda is a mistranslation done by TAKARA-TOMY for "Salamander", however Saramanda is this Beyblade's official correct spelling. Metal Stone Face: Saramanda Weight: 5.5 grams This Face represents a Salamander, which, apart from being a real amphibian, also inspired some myths where that creature is not harmed by the fire element. The Face mark therefore shows a childish representation of a salamander with a flame in or on its abdomen. Note: In the Booster BBG-02, the Face that is included is a Metal Stone Face. Chrome Wheel: Saramanda Weight: 30.6 grams Full Width: 47.36 mm Height: 6.31 mm Besides the obligatory hole on one side of Saramanda, this Chrome Wheel's design generally consists of lines of scales and points coupled with some curves on the sides, near the hole. There are also two other smoother areas atop Saramanda, to break the patterns of sharp scales. Block-like parts reminescent of Leone's paws adorn two other portions of the sides as well. When used as the top Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom Saramanda is decently heavy, and slightly imbalanced, so when on the top of a high Synchrom, it is great for providing the weight and wobble that a Force Smashing bottom Chrome Wheel needs. Saramanda does have some minor Smash Attack, which makes it a good Chrome Wheel to assist and add weight to a Smash Attack Synchrom. It also has above average Defensive qualities and can be used in Defense Synchroms when Revizer is not available. However, if one Revizer is available, Saramanda should be placed in the Synchrom where it is not the main contact point for the opponent, such as in MSF-H Revizer Saramanda E230RDF/RB/CS/RS. When used as the bottom Chrome Wheel in a Synchrom Saramanda has little to no Force Smash, so with the exception of assisting in a Force Smash combo, Saramanda performs the same on the bottom as it does on the top of a Synchrom. Again, when using it in a Defense Synchrom, if one Revizer is available, Saramanda should be placed in the Synchrom where it is not the main contact point for the opponent, like in MSF-H Saramanda Revizer BD145RDF/RB/CS/RS. When in Synchrom with another Saramanda Saramanda's side contact points line up almost to perfection when it is put in Synchrom with itself, and seems to have good balance since its weight distribution is consequently symmetrical. Because of this equilibrium, it has some minor Stamina potential, but not top tier. The combination of its weight, balance, and minor amount of Smash, make this an excellent choice for an Anti-Attack Synchrom. Saramanda Saramanda can also be used in a Defensive combo in the likes of MSF-H Saramanda Saramanda BD145/E230 RDF/RB/CS/RS when Revizer Revizer is not available. Crystal Wheel: Shinobi Weight: 5.4 grams Shinobi's structure is very flat, but the upward protrusion that acts as the crystal that shows within Salamander's hole is much more cylindrical than Samurai's. These shapes serve in allowing a particular mode change: Shinobi can be flipped and placed on top of Salamander to be in Crystal Up Mode. This underside-now-top reveals a lot more relief: some long, angled curves cover the more scaly part of Salamander, on the opposite of the crystal, and a few circular shapes generally follow the Chrome Wheel's structure quite well. That mode change allows the Crystal Wheel to absorb the shocks, and changes its performance significantly. Like any other Crystal Wheel, Shinobi is however too light to be effective versus all Synchrom customizations. Track: Switch 145 Weight: 4.2 gram Maximum Width: 38 mm Minimum Width: 30.5 mm Wings Height: 2 mm Height: 14.50 mm SW145 has three 'wings'. The gimmick of this Track is the ability to change from Attack to Defense by taking off the wings, and then putting them on the opposite way. The purpose of this is the ability to adapt to opponent Beys. In Attack mode, which is denoted by six grey claw-like stickers on the underside, the pointed ends of the Track are used for Smash Attack; meanwhile in Defense mode, shown by three triangular blue stickers, the edges are more rounded, in order to deflect opponent Beys. The modes are reversed for Left-Spin Beys. Testing has shown that SW145 is quite useful at attacking lower opponents in a similar fashion to H145 and R145. It is however outclassed for Defense purposes by GB145, BD145, and 230 due to the recoil it produces. Use in Smash Attack Customization SW145 finds a use in the rather niche customisation Lightning L Drago SW145RF, lining up with the heads of Lightning to provide Smash Attack. Bottom: Semi-Defense Tip Comparison: SD, D, and WD Weight: 0.5 gram Full Width: 15.65 mm Tip Width: 7.0 mm Full Height: 8.74 mm Tip Height: 7.75 mm Tip Angle: 30° SD is the reason to buy this Beyblade. Just as the Semi-Flat Bottom has a sharper tip than Flat, so too does Semi-Defense when compared to Defense. Before the release of SD, D was the absolute best Stamina Bottom available, but SD quickly took over the top spot, as is evidenced by the following tests: Virgo DF145D vs. Virgo DF145SD Balance Stadium Alternating Shots Beylauncher 20 Battles Results: Virgo DF145SD: 18 wins Virgo DF145D: 2 wins SD win percentage: 90% SD is not able to wobble as much as D, so for defensive purposes, D should still be chosen over SD if you are trying to add some Stamina to your Defense custom. That being said, WD would be a better choice than D for that situation, and also arguably for Stamina as well because with the even wider tip. With it, it is allowed to circle the stadium in some situations when it is on a larger angle towards the end of a battle, thus outspinning D or SD based opponents. However, sometimes this does not happen, and SD easily knocks over the wobbling WD custom before it topples over itself. It really comes down to personal preference when deciding whether to use SD or WD because they are so closely matched. For pure Stamina it impossible to tell which would win a given match, but WD would prepare you for more situations by being able to take hits better than SD. Test both and decide for yourself which one works best for what you are trying to do. Use in Stamina Customization SD is arguably the best of the "Defense" series of Bottoms, and its effectiveness can be utilized in the custom Burn Bull AD145SD. Other Versions Saramanda Ifraid DF145XF - WBBA Campaign, 1,000-place lottery where the purchase of a Set with a Stadium, or a separate Stadium and Starter had to be bought (Black) Samurai Saramanda E230ES - BBG-09 Random Booster Vol. 1 Thief Phoenic E230GCF (Green stickers) Thief Saramanda 230WB - BBG-09 Random Booster Vol. 1 Thief Phoenic E230GCF (Pink stickers) Pirates Saramanda T125WB - BBG-09 Random Booster Vol. 1 Thief Phoenic E230GCF (Blue, pink and purple stickers) Guardian Saramanda W145Q - BBG-17 Random Booster Vol. 2 Archer Gargole SA165WSF (Green, blue, orange and pink stickers) Thief Saramanda F230SF - BBG-23 Random Booster Vol. 3 Bandid Genbull F230TB (Pink, yellow, green and brown stickers) Saramanda Balro DF145SWD - BBG-24 Ultimate Synchrom DX Set Attack & Balance Type (Green, blue, purple stickers) Ninja Salamander SW145SD - Hasbro Samurai Cyclone Battle Set (Chrome orange Crystal Wheel, orange Track and olive green Bottom) Gallery Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD Shinobi Saramanda top view Shinobi Saramanda 3/4 view Shinobi Saramanda side view Shinobi Saramanda bottom view Shinobi Saramanda (Crystal Up) top view Shinobi Saramanda (Crystal Up) 3/4 view Shinobi Saramanda (Crystal Up) side view Shinobi Saramanda (Crystal Up) bottom biew Saramanda top view ?Saramanda bottom view Shinobi Crystal Wheel Switch 145 - Attack Mode Switch 145 - Defense Mode Semi-Defense Saramanda Ifraid DF145XF Saramanda Ifraid top view Ifraid Saramanda top view Saramanda Ifraid side view Saramanda Ifraid bottom view Ninja Salamander SW145SD (Hasbro Samurai Cyclone Battle Set) Shinobi Saramanda Hasbro Samurai Cyclone Battle Set top view Shinobi Saramanda Hasbro Samurai Cyclone Battle Set side view Shinobi Saramanda Hasbro Samurai Cyclone Battle Set underside view Overall Saramanda does not excel in one particular category, but is good in all categories. This makes Saramanda a wonderful Chrome Wheel to use as a substitute in most combos when a better Chrome Wheel is not available. SW145 and Shinobi have no competitive value, but SD and a MSF are useful in the metagame. Shinobi Saramanda SW145SD is a great addition to any serious Blader's collection. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Shinobi_Saramanda_SW145SD&oldid=13440"
