Shooters and Grips - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Shooters and Grips From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Shooters and Grips, along with winders are used to launch all Beyblades. Contents 1 Plastic 1.1 Standard Shooters 1.2 Grips 1.3 Gallery 1.3.1 Grips 1.3.2 Accessories 2 Heavy Metal System 2.1 Standard Shooters 2.2 HMS Grips 2.3 Gallery 2.3.1 Shooters & Grips 3 Metal Fight Beyblade 3.1 Standard Shooters 3.2 MFB Grips 3.3 Gallery 3.3.1 Shooters & Grips 3.4 Zero-G Shooters 3.5 Zero-G Grips 3.6 Gallery 3.6.1 Shooters & Grips Plastic Standard Shooters Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination EZShooter (right spin). Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination EZShooter (right spin) with Beyblade attached. Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Inside of the EZShooter (right spin) EZShooter (right spin): This is the standard right spin shooter/launcher. The winder/rip cord is inserted in the back end, and to attach the Beyblade, you put both prongs of the launcher in the openings beside the Bit Chip. Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination EZShooter (left spin) EZShooter (left spin): Same as EZShooter right spin, except it has a different design and is for left spin. Two versions exist, the original that came with earlier Dragoons, and the "Neo Left" version. The original version had an additional layer of gears to change the direction of rotation, so that the winder could be inserted in the same orientation as the EZShooter right spin. The Neo Left connects the winder to the prongs more directly, so the winder was inserted upside-down, hence changing the direction of rotation. EZShooter Spring Custom: This shooter is equipped with spring-loaded prongs that are released at launch, forcing Beyblade downwards. This reduces the risk of mislaunch. EZShooter Power Custom: This shooter is a special version of the right spin EZShooter; instead of 10 teeth in its gear system, it has 9, fitted on a smaller diameter gear. This will increase your launch power by roughly 11%. It is very difficult to find though. Grips Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Customize Grip with Sniper Compass and Roller Support The purpose of all grips is to increase players launching stability and accuracy. All experienced players should use a grip when playing. Customize Grip: Both types of EZShooters can be placed into these. You can customize this grip with various other parts, such as metal grip, rubber grip, spring support, and the metal trigger. Hasbro released this grip as the ?Dragoon Grip? and ?Dranzer Grip?. Marksmen Grip: Both types of EZShooters can be placed into these. The special feature of this grip is the sniper scope. When in the vertical position, this scope emits a red light that is supposed to be used to project where your Beyblade will land when launched. Catapult Grip: The EZShooter is attached to a catapult mechanism equipped with a spring. Pulling the winder pulled back the EZShooter as well as setting the Beyblade spinning; when the winder has been released at the end of launch, the catapult mechanism springs forward to shoot the Beyblade forward. Spring Shooter: Has a spring support just behind the slot for the winder. Theoretically this gave you a faster launch, but the more practical purpose helped to give a straighter pull and prevent unnecessary wear and tear on winder and gears. Dranzer/Driger/Dragoon Shooter: EZShooters are not required to use these shooters. All three of these electronic shooters are designed to represent the bit beast they are named after. When turned on, you are able to play various mini-games related to Beyblade by using the winder and Bit Chips. Next to the RC shooter, this series is the second largest grip available. RC Shooter: EZShooters are not required to use this shooter. This shooter was included with Remote Control Beyblades. When turned on, the trigger was pushed forward or backward to control the RC Beyblade. The RC shooter is the largest grip available in the game, in both plastic and HMS. Duotron Launcher: With this, you are able to launch two Beyblades at once, using one winder. This launcher is very inconsistent; launching one Beyblade at a time right after each other is more efficient. Gallery Grips Customize Grip Marksmen Grip Marksmen Grip with light on. Spring Shooter Catapult Grip Dranzer Shooter RC Shooter Duotron Launcher Accessories A-101 Spring Support A-101 side view A-101 bottom view Heavy Metal System Standard Shooters Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Dual Shooter Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Dual Shooter with Beyblade attached. Dual Shooter: Unlike the plastic generation, the Dual Shooter, as suggested by the name has the ability of selecting spin direction by simply flipping the G Winder and placing it in it?s appropriate hole. This capability opened up many possibilities for the whole HMS series as there is no need to change any parts which you were once forced to do with plastic Beyblades. Please see the Dual Shooter article for more information. Double Shooter: This shooter has two sets of prongs to launch two Beyblades at once, and attachments for the prongs so that it can launch plastic as well as HMS. Unfortunately, it can only launch in right spin; also, it has very weak launch power. String Shooter: Instead of a winder, this shooter had to be manually opened up so that a string could be wound around an axis. The advantage of this shooter is that it prevented the opponents from seeing what spin direction you would be using; however, launching with this shooter has a very different feel as compared to regular shooters. Also, it is very troublesome to wind. HMS Grips Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination HMS Customize Grip Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination HMS Customize Grip (Sonokong Version) HMS Customize Grip: This grip is basically an updated version of the Customize Grip from the plastic generation, except it can be used by both left handed and right handed players. To do this, you remove the compartment the Dual Shooter is placed into and slide the grip onto the other side. As with the Customize Grip, the HMS Customize Grip can be customized by adding the spring trigger or rubber grip. HMS Customize Grip (Sonokong Version): The Sonokong release of the HMS Customize Grip features a grooved handle instead of the original cylindrical handle from Takara. Due to this difference in shape, the handle cannot be fitted with the Grip Rubber. The slot for the Spring Trigger was also removed, meaning the handle is unable to be customized in any way. The top part remains identical however, and the Grip itself can still be used in either right-handed or left-handed positions. Running Shooter: This shooter was included with Round Shell MS for use in its running mode. For more information on the Running Shooter, please see Round Shell MS?s article. Gallery Shooters & Grips Double Shooter String Shooter, shown open and closed HMS Customize Grip, Double Shooter and Running Shooter. Note how the handles can be interchanged. Metal Fight Beyblade Standard Shooters Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination MFB Shooter Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination MFB Shooter with Beyblade attached Light Launcher: This is the standard right spin shooter/launcher. The winder/rip cord is inserted in the back end, and to attach the Beyblade, you put both prongs of the launcher into the slots beside the Face, and then twist to lock it into place. It uses the exact same ten year old technology as the EZShooter, which has drawn criticism from much of the community, but this decision could be due to the Wheels being entirely metal this time around, as opposed to the plastic/metal ARs from the HMS generation. Please see the Light Launcher article for more information. BeyLauncher: Instead of using a winder, like traditional shooters do, the BeyLauncher uses a string. The BeyLauncher can be seen as an upgrade to the HMS String Shooter; however, unlike the HMS String Shooter, which had to be wound around an axis manually, the BeyLauncher automatically retracts its string after being released. Generally, the BeyLauncher should be chosen over the MFB Shooter for its increased power when the handle is released after launching, but the BeyLauncher is unfortunately prone to breakages due to its bad design. This has become a topic of much debate among the Beyblade community, some suggesting that the handle be changed into a rubber cylinder or ball, and the prongs to metal. Please see the BeyLauncher article for more information. MFB Grips Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Launcher Grip MFB Launcher Grip: This grip is the MFB equivalent to the Customize Grip from previous generations. While appearing to be similar in shape to the HMS Neo Customize Grip, the ambidextrous function is removed, possibly due to the different configuration required for the Beylauncher. The MFB Launcher Grip can hold three types of MFB launchers; firstly, it can hold the Light Launcher and Light Launcher 2 with winder, while it can also hold the BeyLauncher if the uppermost compartment is removed and inserted vertically. Alternatively, it is possible to insert the Beylauncher in the MFB Shooter configuration, resulting in a pull which is 180°, as opposed to the conventional 90°, from the handle. The bottom part of the Launcher Grip can be removed and used as a Tool. The MFB Launcher Grip can further be customised with the addition of accessories such as the Beypointer, Angle Compass, and Grip Rubbers. Karabiner Grip: The Karabiner Grip is not a "grip" in the traditional sense. It is nowhere as large as normal grips, and does not technically have a "handle" like grips usually do. It is essentially a loop that attaches to a shooter, with three strings included that can be used to hold three Beyblades. It could add some stability that would otherwise not be possible without the Karabiner Grip, but the Beypointer can do this just as well already. Digital Power Launcher Pegasis/L-Drago Ver.: Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Digital Power Launcher Pegasis Ver. The Digital Power Launchers feature a built-in shooter, and hence do not require any attachments to operate. It is electronic, and therefore requires 2 x AAA batteries to power the display. They come in two versions: Digital Power Launcher Pegasis Version, and Digital Power Launcher L Drago Version. There is no difference between the two except for the colour and stickers. Currently the largest Launcher for MFB available, the Digital Power Launchers feature a built-in Beypointer, which is compatible with other stand-alone Beypointers. The Launcher also functions as an RPM counter: by changing the mode and then pulling the Ripcord, the strength of the launch can be measured. However, the internal apparatus which measures the RPM generated by the launch actually increases the friction inside the Launcher, and hence, decreases the overall power of the launch. An additional feature of the Digital Power Launchers is the ability to launch both Right and Left Spin Metal Fight Beyblades. By changing the prongs attached to the Launcher and inserting the Ripcord into the alternative designated opening, one is able to launch in both Spin Directions. However, it is not possible to launch Right Spin Beyblades in Left Spin direction, and vice-versa. Note: The Ripcord included with the Digital Power Launchers is not compatible with any other MFB Launchers. Gallery Shooters & Grips Beylauncher Beylauncher L Launcher Grip with Beypointer and MFB Shooter attached Launcher Grip with Beypointer and BeyLauncher attached Launcher Grip with Beypointer and BeyLauncher attached, horizontal (180°) position Karabiner Grip attached to BeyLauncher Digital Power Launcher L Drago Ver. Zero-G Shooters Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Zero-G Compact Launcher Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Zero-G Compact Launcher L Zero-G Compact Launcher: The Zero-G Compact Launcher is the latest iteration of Light Launchers. It features an overall sturdier design in both its construction and mechanical aspects. It also incorporate the functions of the Tool: the Face driver on top, which also serves to lock the Launcher in place on the Zero-G Launcher Grip, and the Bottom gear key on the side. Despite its improvements over previous Light Launchers, the Zero-G Compact Launcher is similarly unsuited to the system it was designed for. Just as the Light Laucher 2 could handle the earlier Hybrid-Wheel System relatively well, but hardly the Maximum Series / 4D System, the Compact Launcher handles the 4D System relatively well, but its gear eventually breaks from repeated uses under the pressure exerted by the heavy Synchrom System. Zero-G Compact Launcher L: The Zero-G Compact Launcher L is a stylized version of the Compact Launcher, designed for left-spinning Beyblades. It was only released with BBG-16 Starter Dark Knight Dragooon LW160BSF. It is the sole Launcher designed for left-spinning Beyblades under the BBG product line, and thus the only one compatible with the Zero-G Launcher Grip. Zero-G Grips Zero-G Launcher Grip: Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Zero-G Launcher Grip The Zero-G Launcher Grip is the third version of Metal Fight Beyblade Grips. It is composed of two parts: a handle and a head. The handle is simply a redesign of previous handles, the most apparent change being the replacement of the engraved Grip name by multiple air vents. The tool has also been notched, similar to a gear. The changes being aesthetic, it remains compatible with any previously released Metal Fight Beyblade accessories. However, differently-shaped ledges around the head rail prevent compatibility with previous versions of Grip heads. The head features a completely new design. A lock switch on top allows for Compact Launchers to be held in place beneath it, making these launchers, and therefore any previous versions of Light Launchers or Beylaunchers incompatible with this part. The head also features four slots that can be used for either the handle or other accessories. However, its most notable feature is that one slot has no direction locks of any kind, meaning the handle (preferably) can be slid in from any direction, thus making it the first Grip since the HMS Neo Customize Grip to allow for proper left-handed, Winder launching. Gallery Shooters & Grips Zero-G Launcher Grip bottom view Zero-G Launcher Grip handle Zero-G Launcher Grip head Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Shooters_and_Grips&oldid=13517"
