Slash Riger MS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Slash Riger MS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Slash Riger MS (Metal Scratch) Number: System: HMS Type: Attack Contents 1 Bit Protector (BP): Riger Emblem 2 Attack Ring (AR): Slash Upper 2.1 Use in Upper Attack Customization 3 Weight Disk (WD): CWD Free Crusher 3.1 Use in Smash Attack Customization 4 Running Core (RC): Free Wing Core 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Slash Riger MS - Original Version 6.2 Slash Riger MS - Fukubako Box 2005 Version (Dark Blue) 7 Overall Slash Riger MS is one of the winners of the Coro Coro HMS Beyblade design contest. Bit Protector (BP): Riger Emblem The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is Riger Emblem. It is the third mold version of Bit Protectors. Attack Ring (AR): Slash Upper Weight: 18 grams Slash Upper is the most useful part of Slash Riger MS. It is strong in not just one, but two types of Attack: Smash Attack and Upper Attack. The Metal Frame of Slash Upper has two steep Upper Attack slopes, both of which abruptly end with a blunt edge, giving it simultaneous Upper and Smash Attack in right spin. In left spin, Slash Upper loses its Upper Attack abilities, but retains its strong Smash Attack attributes in other areas; in the ABS Caul, along with the Metal Frame where an exposed piece of metal give it some Smash Attack in that direction. Compared to Samurai Upper and Circle Upper, Slash Upper's attack range is in fact, smaller, but this should not be a detriment to its performance, especially in small stadiums like Tornado Balance Type S. However, one factor which could be considered a disadvantage in certain situations is its light weight compared to the other staple Attack based ARs. Two of the best ARs in the HMS series, Jiraiya Blade and Samurai Upper are both heavier by approximately four grams. Unless you are making a purely Smash Attack based custom, where weight is not of huge importance, generally, it would be a better idea to choose a heavier AR than Slash Upper. That being said, Slash Upper's versatility should also be considered when deciding on whether or not to use it. Use in Upper Attack Customization Slash Upper can be used to great effect in any Upper Attack based custom, with added Smash Attack. AR: Slash Upper (Slash Riger MS) WD: CWD God Ring (Shining God MS) RC: Metal Flat Core (Advance Striker) Weight Disk (WD): CWD Free Crusher Weight: 18 grams CWD Free Crusher has a wide attack range, bigger than any other HMS AR or CWD. Its wide attack range can be attributed to the six sharp spikes surrounding its perimeter. CWD Free Crusher's intended purpose is to use its blunt spikes to Smash Attack the opposing Beyblade. However, because it is free-spinning it does more damage to the Beyblade it is being used on rather than the opponenet's own. The fact that it is moving means that the attack points will always be moving when hitting the opposing Beyblade and will never make a severe enough blow. If it had been a fixed CWD rather than free-spinning, the Smash Attack would have been brutal, likely with extreme recoil. This CWD is not viable for any competitive situation, aside from one specialized customization, outlined below. Use in Smash Attack Customization Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Battle Change Core with CWD Free Crusher There is an interesting trick you can perform with this RC. CWD Free Crusher is generally free-spinning so it cannot do any damage. However, by combining it with Samurai Changer MS's Battle Change Core, the CWD plastic part of Battle Change Core will prevent the CWD Free Crusher from spinning. This combo has very high Smash Attack, but also has high recoil. If it doesn't finish the battle almost immediately, it has very little chance to win. AR: Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS) WD: CWD Free Crusher (Slash Riger MS) RC: Battle Change Core (Samurai Changer MS) Running Core (RC): Free Wing Core Weight: 7 grams Free Wing Core has two gimmicks. It has three foldable claws which hang down while not spinning, and float up due to inertia while spinning. Similar to CWD Free Crusher, Free Wing Core's claws also spin freely. These claws will more often than not, make next to no contact with the opposing Beyblade due to the massive height of the RC (to allow for the claws to hang down), which also makes it quite easy to knock off balance. Even if the claws somehow manage to make contact, they will only perform in a similarly ineffective way as CWD Free Crusher's spikes do. Free Wing Core has no use whatsoever. Other Versions Slash Riger MS - Fukobako Box 2005 Version (Dark Blue) Gallery Slash Riger MS - Original Version Sticker sheet Slash Riger MS Slash Riger MS side view Slash Riger MS side view Slash Upper Slash Upper, Metal Frame pictured Slash Upper side view CWD Free Crusher Free Wing Core Free Wing Core bottom view Riger Emblem Slash Riger MS - Fukubako Box 2005 Version (Dark Blue) Slash Riger MS Dark blue top view Slash Riger MS Dark blue side view Slash Riger MS Dark blue undderside view Overall Slash Riger MS, while it does have a very aesthetically pleasing design, contains a number of useless parts in its CWD and RC. What makes this Beyblade a worthy addition to any Bladers collection however is its third mold BP, Riger Emblem. The third mold Bit Protectors were only released in five different HMS Beyblades. More important than this is its AR, Slash Upper. Slash Upper is a versatile AR which employs the use of Smash and Upper Attack at the same time to an effective degree. Slash Upper alone makes Slash Riger MS a great buy for any Beyblader looking to get away from the staple Upper and Smash ARs such as Samurai Upper and Jiraiya Blade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Slash_Riger_MS&oldid=12322"
