Spark Knight - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Spark Knight From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Spark Knight Number: 06 System: 4 Layer Type: Endurance Contents 1 Colour Variation 2 Attack Ring (AR): Try Cutter 2.1 Use in Weight Disk Attack Customization 2.2 Use in Support Part Attack 3 Weight Disk (WD): Balance 4 Blade Base (BB): Sharp 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 7 Overall Colour Variation Takara released this Beyblade in clear yellow, while the Hasbro release had some copying the Takara release while others used opaque yellow plastic. Attack Ring (AR): Try Cutter Weight: 4 grams Try Cutter is a circular Attack Ring with three small points and three larger points. Its small size does give it some use in two less conventional types of attack, which focus on using other parts to attack: Weight Disk Attack and Support Part Attack. It is important to note, however, that neither of these types have ever been as effective as conventional Attack, and as such, this AR is best seen as an interesting part rather than one with any competitive worth. Also, despite the small size, it still has too poor a distribution, and too much Recoil, to be of any real use to Zombies and Defense types. Use in Weight Disk Attack Customization Try Cutter is a very compact AR, leaving most of the Weight Disk used in this combo exposed. AR: Try Cutter (Spark Knight) WD: Wide Defense BB: Grip Base (Dragoon Grip Attacker) Use in Support Part Attack In order to focus on attacking with the support part only, smaller parts aside from the SP and BB must be used. Try Cutter is perfect for this. Upper Attack SP provide good Upper Attack, easily reaching under opponents, Customize Grip Base offers high movement speed, and the 10 Heavy/Heavy Metal Core combination enhances the Upper Attack ability. AR: Try Cutter (Spark Knight) WD: Ten Heavy SG: Neo Right SG (Heavy Metal Core) SP: Upper Attack (Driger V2) BB: Customize Grip Base (Dragoon V2) Weight Disk (WD): Balance See Six Balance. Blade Base (BB): Sharp See Sharp BB Other Versions Polta Ultimate Saizo Gallery Overall Spark Knight is useless for competitive play and has been entirely outclassed by numerous other releases. This Beyblade is only worth buying for collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Spark_Knight&oldid=12245"
