Spin Gear - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Spin Gear From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization The Spin Gear is a part of the plastic generation of Beyblade. It determines which way a Beyblade will be able to spin, which can have a large effect on the outcome of a battle. Many different variations and updates to Spin Gears were released over the years, which allowed for various weights, bearings, and an ?engine? to be encased within them. Contents 1 A to F Series Spin Gears 1.1 Specialized SGs 1.2 SG Gallery 2 V and V2 Series Spin Gears 2.1 Specialized Neo SGs 2.2 Cores 2.3 Neo SG Gallery 3 G and GT Series Spin Gears A to F Series Spin Gears Because the 4-Layer Series never technically had SGs (they were fixed in place by screws), these were the first SGs ever produced. Generally each SG has casings that surround a metal ring and the gear which is placed into the BB and held in place by the base clips. However, there are exceptions to this description as many different versions were released to accommodate different Beyblades. Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Right SG Right Spin Gear A SG that allows for right spin while using in combination with a right shooter. In a right-spin SG, two tabs (situated close to the right sides of the Spin Gear) would attach to the right-spin Shooter, allowing the Beyblade to be spun in a clockwise motion. It was first released with Driger S. Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Left SG Left Spin Gear A SG that allows for left spin while using in combination with a left shooter. The left-spin SG was designed very similarly to the right-spin SG, with the exception of the tabs. The tabs on a left-spin SG were situated opposite of the right-spin SG tabs, allowing a left-spin shooter to attach to them. In addition, the left-spin tabs extended out slightly farther than the right-spin tabs, disallowing the usage of a right-spin Shooter on with a left-spin SG, and vice-versa. It was first released with Dragoon S. Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Left SG vs. Right SG. Note the differences Parts of a Spin Gear The SG?s other purpose was to hold the entire Beyblade together. On the bottom of each SG, a star-shaped piece fitted into the inside of a Beyblade?s Blade Base. The piece would hold the SG in place along with the sides of the SG, which attached to the tabs on the Base. The Weight Disk was also able to be set onto the SG using these tabs, which held the WD in place. Finally, a small recession towards the top of the SG allowed for the tabs on the inside of an Attack Ring to be screwed into place. For right-spin SG, the AR would be turned counter-clockwise to be held into place, and vice-versa for a left-spin SG. Within each SG, a small metal ring added some weight and balance to the Beyblade. The metal alloy also held the star-shaped piece onto the rest of the SG. Specialized SGs Right SG (Free Shaft Version) [Dranzer S] Right SG (Bearing Version) [Wolborg] Right SG (Jumping Version) [Trygle] Right SG (Full Auto Clutch Version) [Driger F] Right SG (Triple Change Version) [Dranzer F] Right SG (Oil Ball Version) [Draciel F] Right SG (Auto Change Version) [Wyborg] Right SG (Bearing Version 2) [Wolborg 2] Right SG (MG Jumping Version) [Cyber Dragoon] SG Gallery Right Spin Gear taken apart Right Spin Gear with one casing SG Sharp Base with no SG SG Sharp Base with SG V and V2 Series Spin Gears Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Neo Right SG with MG Core This is the second generation of SGs, first released in the V Series of Beyblades. While they were also available in both Left and Right Spin Directions, they no longer used the metal ring seen in the original SGs, instead featuring different Cores. Four different Cores were released: Normal Core, Metal Weight Core, Magnetic Core, and Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger), with Normal Core being the lightest, and the HMC the heaviest. Two Magnecore/MG Core (Magnetic) types were released: A ?North Pole? version (which was red in color), and a ?South Pole? version (which was blue in color). Both weighed the same, but had different movement patterns when used with the Magnecore Stadium (which used North Pole Magnets). A ?North Pole? MG Core would be thrown away from a magnet, making movement erratic, while a ?South Pole? MG Core would be held in place above a magnet, in a defensive style. For more information, please see the Magnecore Article. The Metal Weight Core (abbreviated ?MW Core?) was similar the Magnecore, but did not use magnets, and was slightly lighter, acting very similar to A to F Series Spin Gears. Thirdly, there was the Normal Core. Released only in Takara's Dragoon V2, this was the lightest core available, using a plastic cylinder instead of the metal used in the Metal Weight Core. It is worth noting that simply using the centre part of a regular A to F Series Spin Gear in Neo Casings results in a slightly lighter Spin Gear than the Normal Core, although due to the smaller hole in the centre, such a setup is not compatible with certain Blade Bases designed only for use with Neo Spin Gears. Finally, there was the Heavy Metal Core (?HMC?). The HMC was the heaviest Core available, weighing in at 9 grams. This heavy weight allowed for use in Compact and Defense Customizations. For more information, please see the Takara Metal Driger article. Neo Left SG An upgraded version of the Left SG. Neo Right SG An upgraded version of the Right SG. Specialized Neo SGs Neo Right SG (Double Bearing Version) [Burning Kerberous] Cores Neo SG + Heavy Metal Core: 9 grams Neo SG + MG Core: 6 grams Neo SG + Metal Weight Core: 4 grams Neo SG + Normal Core: 3 grams The various different Cores allow fine tuning of a customizations weight and weight distribution, due to their central location in the Beyblade. A heavier Core means higher Spin Velocity, as well as additional weight, making a Beyblade harder to move, whilst a lighter Core results in a more external weight distribution to provide faster movement and better Survival. Aside from the obvious advantages a heavier Core offers to Weight Based Defense and the RPM foccussed Compact and Upper Attack customizations, the various Cores are very useful in balancing Recoil control and controllability with movement speed in Smash Attack customizations, and are usually selected based on personal preference, although some setups do require the use of specific Cores for the sake of Recoil control or speed. Neo SG Gallery Neo Left & Right SG casings From left to right: Heavy Metal Core, MG Core, and MW Core G and GT Series Spin Gears Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Engine Gear The G and GT Series introduced an entirely new type of SG, the Engine Gear. The EG was a complex evolution to the Spin Gear System. Being the largest SG system thus far, Engine Gears were only usable in Engine Gear Blade Bases. The EG acted as both the Spin Gear and Blade Base in some respects, with the tip of the Beyblade being attached to the EG. You use the Turbo Winder to wind up an EG before a battle starts and it will be activated at a certain point in that battle to give your Beyblade and extra burst of spin power. There is four types of EG activation rates, they are: First Clutch (immediate release), Middle Clutch (release part-way through the battle), Final Clutch (release towards end of the battle), and No Clutch (steady release throughout battle). Left Engine Gear (Metal Semi-Flat) [Dragoon G] Right Engine Gear (Metal Semi-Flat) [Driger G] Heavy Metal Gear (Heavy Metal Core) [Metal Driger] Right Engine Gear (Circle Defenser) [Rock Bison] Right Engine Gear (Circle Survivor) [Wolborg 4] Right Engine Gear (Metal Ball) [Draciel G] Right Engine Gear (Metal Flat) [Gaia Dragoon G] Gyro Engine Gear [Flame Pegasus] Right Engine Gear (Mystery Cutter) [Desert Sphinxer] Left Engine Gear (Turbo) [Dragoon GT] Right Engine Gear (Reverse) [Dranzer GT] Right Customize Gear (Full Auto Clutch Version) [Gigars] Right Customize Gear (Free Shaft Version) [Zeus] Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Spin_Gear&oldid=9112"
