Storm Pegasis 105RF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Storm Pegasis 105RF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Storm Pegasis 105RF Number: BB-28 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: Pegasis 2 Clear Wheel: Pegasis 3 Metal Wheel: Storm 4 Track: 105 5 Bottom: Rubber Flat 5.1 Mold Variations 5.2 Use in Attack Customization 5.3 Use in Defense Customization 5.4 Use in Balance Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Storm Pegasis 105RF (regular) 7.2 Storm Pegasis 100RF Stardust Version 7.3 Storm Pegasis 100HF Galaxy Version 7.4 Storm Pegasis 105RF - from the Super Vortex Battle Set 8 Overall Face: Pegasis The face on this Beyblade depicts a Pegasus, one of the 88 constellations in space. Clear Wheel: Pegasis Weight: 2.9 grams The original release of Pegasis is a blue transparent plastic wheel. The edges of the Clear Wheel are shaped in a wing like pattern, each ending in a pointed ?head? shape, representing the body form of Pegasis, the symbol its design is influenced by. Metal Wheel: Storm Weight: 30.4 grams The main shape of Storm consists of three wing-like forms, each with slightly jagged ends, which are used for mediocre Smash Attack. While paired with a 100 track and a Rubber Flat Bottom, Storm was once a top tier Metal Wheel. It has since been outclassed by countless other Metal Wheels, such as Vulcan, Lightning and Blitz. Storm should not be considered for competitive use, unless there are absolutely no other available options. Track: 105 Weight: 1 gram Width with Handles: 22.0 mm Maximum Width: 18.0 mm Minimum Width: 16.0 mm Core Cylinder Diameter: 11.0 mm Full Height: 10.50 mm This track is currently the fourth lowest track available, but is outclassed in terms of Attack and Stamina by the 85, 90, and 100 Tracks. 105 has no problem with floor scrapes, but still is an outclassed part and should only be chosen when none of the aforementioned Tracks are available. Bottom: Rubber Flat Weight: 0.8 gram Full Width: 15.82 mm Tip Width: 5.55 mm Full Height: 11.09 mm Tip Height: 7.97 mm RF, as its name implies has a flat, hard rubber tip, with a small indentation on the base of the tip. Its tip has just about the same width as WF, and is the second highest Bottom next to HF/S, which makes the second shortest Track, 90, particularly useful in combination with this part. By using its wide surface area and rubber material, the Bottom has a large amount of traction against the stadium floor, resulting in a such a fast and powerful attack pattern that it often renders itself useless by self-KOing the Beyblade it is being used on. Part of the blame for this problem can be put on the poor Tornado Ridge of the Attack Stadium, but the fact remains that RF was designed long after the release of the Attack Stadium, and should be able to maintain itself within it. To alleviate this problem it is recommended that you never use a brand new RF in any sort of competitive situation, as its likelihood of self-KOing is much higher; wear it down a little with some practice battles first. When this is done, the rapid movement of RF may subside slightly, but it becomes more controllable, and thus, more useful. The use of rubber and the friction it creates with the stadium floor does lower its Stamina in comparison to plastic flat tips such as F and WF, but this is usually not a problem as an Attack types goal is to KO the other Beyblade, and it also helps reduce the recoil of violent wheels such as Sagittario. Mold Variations Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination SonoKong mold: left, TAKARA-TOMY mold: right RF has three different molds. The original TAKARA-TOMY manufactured RF, the SonoKong manufactured RF variant, and the Hasbro manufactured RF. Some of the TAKARA-TOMY RFs tend to spin around freely when twisted between fingers, due to the circular nature of the rubber that held the tip itself into place. However this problem was rectified by the SonoKong mold which flattened two opposite sides of the rubber that holds the tip itself into the plastic section of the Bottom itself. The flattened sides make it impossible to spin the tip freely, thus solving the problem. The Hasbro mold has a thick bar in the middle of the tip, securing the rubber. The performance difference between the three molds is negligible, but it is likely that the SonoKong and Hasbro mold would be more sturdy by not spinning around. Use in Attack Customization RF is considered by many to be one of the best Attack Bottoms currently available, and can be used for all of the current top-tier Attack customs including: MF Variares CH120RF, and MF Blitz Unicorno CH120RF . Use in Defense Customization After heavy use, RFs tend to wear down, and their movement is reduced significantly. When this is the case, the traction created by the rubber can be useful to keep the blade from being knocked from the stadium. RF can be used effectively in the Defense customization MF-H Earth Bull GB145RF. Use in Balance Customization NOTE: The Libra Wheel is now Legal under WBO Organized Play Official Rules. Long before Libra was banned, it surprisingly found use in a very specific Balance customization; in fact, it was really the only competitively viable Balance customization at that point in time. The custom is Libra CH120RF. Here is how it performed against the current staple customs of the time: Versus Virgo DF145D -- use 120 height Even though Libra is the heaviest Wheel ever created, because its weight is focused around the outside, it is still quite agile with RF. On its own, Libra is not a very effective Smash Attack Wheel, but its weight distribution in combination with the fast moving RF allow it to achieve an astonishing 90% win rate against Virgo DF145D. 120 height must be used in order for the Metal Wheels to make contact or it won't work. Versus Quetzalcoatl 90RF -- use 145 height By switching to 145 height, the Track will absorb all of the hits dealt by Quetzalcoatl. The weight of Libra combined with the grip of RF give it enough defense to withstand most attacks, and again, the win rate is 90%. Versus MF Libra C145WB -- use 120 height The win ratio against the top tier Defense combo isn't that great -- only about 60% -- but this still isn't bad, considering how strong it is against the other two types. If you can avoid using this combo against Defense-types, you should, but if you're forced into that situation you can win with a perfect shot and a little luck. To effectively use this custom, you absolutely had to be able to perform Sliding Shoot because the window for landing a successful attack was much smaller than with other Storm or Quetzalcoatl-based Attackers. A skilled Blader could use this customization as an answer to almost anything that is thrown at them. However, during the time Libra was banned, this custom's use diminished greatly due to the multitude of parts that were released in its absence. It is still usable against Attack types, and Stamina types on lower Tracks, but it is nowhere near as versatile as it once was. Other Versions Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Storm Pegasis 100RF Stardust ver. (RBV3 prize) Wind Pegasis DF145FS ? Random Booster Light Vol.1 Mad Cancer CH120FS (Green) Heat Pegasis 100WB ? Random Booster Light Vol.1 Mad Cancer CH120FS (Orange) Heat Pegasis DF145WB ? Random Booster Light Vol.2 Wind Aquario 100HF/S (Black) Clay Pegasis 145S ? Random Booster Light Vol.3 Clay Aries ED145B (Yellow) Storm Pegasis 100RF Stardust ver. ? Random Booster Vol. 3 Stardust Pegasis (Dark, translucent blue Clear wheel and metalic blue Metal wheel. New stickers) Storm Pegasis 105F - WBBA Exclusive (Metallic Clear wheel, with either a gold, silver, or bronze face and metallic clear wheel, respectively for placing first, second, or third.) Storm Pegasis 100HF Galaxy/Gold Red Ver. - CoroCoro lottery, WBBA Exclusive, later released with Mani DVD Set (Gold Storm, Red Pegasis) Storm Pegasis 105RF- Hasbro Faceoff: Pegasis Tornado Wing Rock Pegasis 105WD- Hasbro Faceoff: Sagittario Flame Claw Storm Pegasis 105RF- Hasbro: Super Vortex Battle Set (Red Chrome Clear Wheel, Blue Chrome Metal Wheel) Poison Pegasis ED145JB- Faceoff: Poison Fury Showdown (Opaque Red) Gallery Storm Pegasis 105RF (regular) Storm Pegasis 105RF Storm Pegasis 105RF 3/4 view Storm Metal Wheel Storm Metal Wheel bottom view Pegasis Clear Wheel Pegasis Clear Wheel bottom view 105 Track Rubber Flat Storm Pegasis 100RF Stardust Version Storm Pegasis Stardust Ver. top view Storm Pegasis Stardust Ver. underside/side view Pegasis Clear Wheel (clear royal blue) Storm Metal Wheel (turquoise) Storm Metal Wheel (turquoise) underside view 100 Track (clear royal blue) Rubber Flat Bottom (clear royal blue) Storm Pegasis 100HF Galaxy Version Storm Pegasis Gold Red Ver. top view Storm Pegasis Gold Red Ver. bottom view Storm Pegasis Gold Red Ver. exclusive box Storm Pegasis 105RF - from the Super Vortex Battle Set Storm Pegasis top view Storm Pegasis underside view Pegasis Clear Wheel (chrome red) Storm Metal Wheel (deep blue) Storm Metal Wheel (deep blue) underside view 105 Track Rubber Flat Bottom Rubber Flat Bottom inside view Overall Storm and 105 are outclassed parts, but RF is without a doubt what makes this an essential buy for every competitive Blader. The Bottom can be unstable and hard to control, but if it is worn down a little and the proper skill is applied, it can be deadly. Using RF correctly can result in almost instant wins in the stadium. Every Blader should own multiples of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Storm_Pegasis_105RF&oldid=13387"
