Thief Phoenic E230GCF - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Thief Phoenic E230GCF From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization This article is a stub! The next step is to write detailed reviews of the parts' performances based on extensive testing. To this end, please post a draft in The Beywiki Project forum. This article cannot be edited without approval past this point. Thief Phoenic E230GCF Number: BBG-09 System: Beyblade Zero-G Type: Attack Element: Fire Contents 1 Stone Face: Phoenic 2 Chrome Wheel: Phoenic 3 Crystal Wheel: Thief 4 Track: Elevator 230 5 Bottom: Gear Circle Flat 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 7.1 Thief Phoenic E230GCF - Hasbro Version 7.2 Thief Phoenic E230GCF - Sonokong Box 8 Overall Stone Face: Phoenic Weight: 1.2 grams This Stone Face's sticker illustrates the simplistic form of a phoenix, another mythical creature. Chrome Wheel: Phoenic Weight: 29.8 grams The Phoenic Chrome Wheel has three wings formed of big, smoothed feathers pointing towards the left, therefore contrary to its spin direction. Engraved claws appear to clutch the orb from the Crystal Wheel that protrudes through Phoenic, while the heads of the two other wings represent the beaks of birds, essentially. The relief on this Chrome Wheel isn't overly complicated: in fact, its sides are mostly vertical, straight continuations of the feathers on the top, creating a jagged pattern meant for Attack. Crystal Wheel: Thief Weight: 5.3 gram Full Width: 48.0 mm Minimum Width: 43.0 mm Full Height: 7.0 mm Minimum Height: 5.1 mm Just like Phoenic, Thief is shaped in an odd way with some longer parts but also numerous circular protrusions. Its initial release colour is grey yellow. Track: Elevator 230 Weight: 7.4 gram Full Width: 48.0 mm Distance from Bottom: 6 mm Boost Mode Distance from Bottom: 8 mm Height: 23.00 mm E230 is a mechanical upgrade to the regular 230 Track. Its core is modified to accomodate, along its whole height, the ascent and descent of a free-moving disk, hence the term "elevator". This disk however does not freely-rotate around the Track like ED145, and its vertical position cannot be fixed. E230 works almost essentially for the Zero-G Stadiums, because its gimmick requires a lot of movements up and down to function well. As the Beyblade comes down, E230 comes in contact with the sides of the stadium, and this contact is maintained all the way to the bottom, which theoretically allows the Combination to keep its balance despite the erratic movements of the Zero-G Stadiums. This allows it to stumble over even less, which is useful since it isn't a rare occurence in those stadiums. Bottom: Gear Circle Flat Weight: 2.5 gram Full Width: 33.47 mm Tip Width: mm Full Height: 8.88 mm As an upgraded version of Circle Flat, GCF is a Flat Bottom with a slightly larger tip, mounted by a huge disk. Instead of its circumference being smooth like CF however, its edges are cut in places to form the shape of a mechanical gear. This gimmick is meant to embrace the curve of the Zero-G stadiums and also create less smooth movement patterns around the stadium for the Beyblade using GCF. Other Versions Pirates Phoenic WD145SF - BBG-23 Random Booster Vol. 3 Bandid Genbull F230TB (Blue, green-yellow stickers) Archer Phoenic 125B - BBG-23 Random Booster Vol. 3 Bandid Genbull F230TB (Orange, pink, yellow, blue and green stickers) Gallery Thief Phoenic E230GCF side Sketch from TAKARA-TOMY to explain Elevator 230's gimmick Gear Circle Flat Sketch from TAKARA-TOMY to explain GCF's gimmick Thief Phoenic E230GCF - Hasbro Version Thief "Phoenix" top view Thief "Phoenix" 3/4 view Thief "Phoenix" side view 1 Thief "Phoenix" side view 2 Thief "Phoenix" bottom view Thief "Phoenix" (Crystal Up) top view Thief "Phoenix" (Crystal Up) 3/4 view Thief "Phoenix" (Crystal Up) side view 1 Thief "Phoenix" (Crystal Up) side view 2 Thief "Phoenix" (Crystal Up) bottom view Thief Phoenic E230GCF - Sonokong Box Overall Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Thief_Phoenic_E230GCF&oldid=12778"
