Thunder Dragon - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Thunder Dragon From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Thunder Dragon Number: - System: HMS Type: Attack Contents 1 Name Change 2 Bit Protector (BP): Thunder Emblem 3 Attack Ring (AR): Spark Dragon 3.1 Ruling Clarification 4 Weight Disk (WD): CWD Free Survivor 4.1 Use in Defense Customization 5 Running Core (RC): Metal Weight Flat Core 5.1 Mold Variations 5.2 Use in Upper Attack Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Thunder Dragon is one of the winners of the 2003 Coro Coro HMS Beyblade design contest, the other winner was Sea Dragon. It was the first Beyblade to use a CWD. Name Change Hasbro released Thunder Dragon as Thunder Serpent. Bit Protector (BP): Thunder Emblem The Bit Protector of this Beyblade is Thunder Emblem. It is the second mold version of Bit Protectors. Attack Ring (AR): Spark Dragon Weight: 14 grams Spark Dragon has two separate parts, the Metal Frame and the ABS Caul. The Metal Frame sits on the inside of the ABS Caul and allows it to spin freely around it. The ABS Caul has three blunt contact points, along with a number of smaller ones which gives it some Smash Attack. The problem with Spark Dragon, and why no Blader should ever use it is because it is both free spinning and because all of the metal on the AR is from the Metal Frame, which will never come into contact with other Beyblades. Because the ABS Caul is free spinning, there will never be enough force to Smash an opponent, it will just continue spinning when hit. The TAKARA version of Spark Dragon can spark. Ruling Clarification Unlike other Metal Frames on HMS ARs where they must be unscrewed to detach, Spark Dragon's Metal Frame pops in and out without any tools required, and it should be mentioned that it is in fact illegal to use it without the ABS Caul of Spark Dragon. Weight Disk (WD): CWD Free Survivor Weight: 17 grams CWD Free Survivor is the one part that can truly make Thunder Dragon a worthy purchase. CWD Free Survivor has an almost identical design to the Survivor Ring of the Dark Series of plastic Beyblades, except that it is free spinning as the name implies. With its circular form, CWD Free Survivor is a welcome addition to many types of Beyblades. It can protect against Upper Attack, and is heavier than even Circle Heavy. Ideally, it should be used with the heavier CWD Metal Part from Sea Dragon's CWD Defense Ring, though the fact CWD Defense Ring generally serves the same purposes as CWD Free Survivor should be considered if on a restrictive budget. Use in Defense Customization You can build a nice, heavy Defense customization by utilizing CWD Free Survivor. For ideal performance, the RC should be somewhat worn to increase grip. AR: Samurai Upper (Samurai Changer MS) WD: CWD Free Survivor (Thunder Dragon) RC: Bearing Core 2 (Jiraiya MS) Running Core (RC): Metal Weight Flat Core Weight: 3 grams Metal Weight Flat Core can be considered an upgrade to Gaia Dragoon MS's Flat Core. The added weight on the interior of the RC makes it slightly heavier, and moderately increases its survival and controllability compared to Flat Core. However, this is where the differences end; Metal Weight Flat Core has the exact same design as Flat Core in all other respects. Mold Variations The Takara Metal Weight Flat Core has a wider tip than the one that Hasbro produced. This results in a higher movement speed in the Takara version. Use in Upper Attack Customization Metal Weight Flat Core is not the most desirable choice out there for Attack types, but it can be used. AR: Slash Upper (Slash Riger MS) WD: Circle Wide RC: Metal Weight Flat Core (Thunder Dragon) Other Versions Thunder Dragon - HMS Random Booster ACT 1 Version (Black, Prize Beyblade) Thunder Dragon - HMS Random Booster ACT 5 Version (Off White) Gallery Sticker sheet All Thunder Dragon Parts (plus CWD Free Saucer) Thunder Dragon Spark Dragon Spark Dragon ABS Caul Spark Dragon Metal Frame Left: Takara Metal Frame, Right: Hasbro Metal Frame CWD Free Survivor Metal Weight Flat Core, metal weight pictured Left: Hasbro MWFC, Right, Takara MWFC; notice tip width difference Overall Aside from CWD Free Survivor, Thunder Dragon does not have a lot to offer, and even CWD Free Survivor has been outclassed by other parts. If you already have CWD Defense Ring, or even CWD God Ring from Shining God MS, there is no reason for you to buy this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Thunder_Dragon&oldid=12795"
