Trypio - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Trypio From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Trypio Number: A-18 System: 5-Layer Type: Defense Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Flying Defense 1.1 Mold Variations 1.2 Use in Hasbro Stadium Attack Customization 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance 3 Blade Base (BB): SG Sharp Base 4 Other Versions 5 Gallery 5.1 Trypio - Hasbro Original Version 5.2 Trypio - Red Version 6 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Flying Defense Weight: 7 Grams As the name suggests, the Takara version of Flying Defense is able to fly. Hasbro removed this ability and made some other changes. (For more information see Mold Variations below) The width of Flying Defense is 8.84 cm wide (3.50?) and is too large to be thrown out of stadiums such as the Tornado Balance Type S and many others. For this reason, it may be useful to use the Hasbro version with a low base, such as Dragoon S's Storm Grip Base, so it cannot be knocked off balance by an Upper Attacker easily. If this AR is on a tall base, it can get knocked off balance causing it to scrape across the stadium floor and stop spinning. Flying Defense is quite breakable which is another reason not to use it competitively. Mold Variations Hasbro removed the ability to fly as well as the three attacking points leaving a totally circular AR. This does not provide any more use than the Takara version as while it suffers less Recoil, it still suffers badly from its incredibly poor stability. Use in Hasbro Stadium Attack Customization Because of Trypio's wide attack range, it can be used effectively to some extent with an attack based BB in a Hasbro stadium. AR: Flying Defense WD: Wide Survivor/ Defense/ Ten Wide SG: Neo Right SG SG Core: MW/MG core BB: SG Metal Flat 2 (Gaia Dragoon V) This custom was primarily used to defeat Survival type combos in Hasbro stadiums. With a high movement BB, like SG Metal Flat 2, this combo will bounce off walls and push the opposing Beyblade into the pockets. Because of the size of the AR, it will not be able to KO itself. Obviously, this would not be effective against Defense-type combinations since they will be able to endure the hits. Attack-types are not this Beyblade's concern, and besides, experienced Bladers will usually not use Attack types in Hasbro stadiums. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance See Eight Balance Blade Base (BB): SG Sharp Base See SG Sharp Other Versions BBA Championship Series (Green) Sunshine Orange Trypio Beyblade Fukubako 2002 (Red) Gallery Trypio - Hasbro Original Version Takara Trypio Box Trypio Parts Trypio 3/4 View Trypio Bottom View Trypio Top View Sticker sheet Trypio - Red Version Takara Flying Defense Top View Takara Flying Defense Side View Overall Unless you are a collector there is virtually no reason to buy this Beyblade, other than perhaps the gimmick of the Takara version. It cannot be used in any competitive situation. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Trypio&oldid=12252"
