Ultimate Reshuffle Set Perseus Ver. - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Ultimate Reshuffle Set Perseus Ver. From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization TAKARA-TOMY released this set on November 20th, 2010 for approximately 3780 yen. Ultimate Reshuffle Set Perseus Ver. Number: BB-97 System: Metal Fight Beyblade Contents 1 Contents 2 Overall 3 Gallery 4 Other Versions With this Set, TAKARA-TOMY's intent was to provide equipments to build upon the original Gravity Perseus AD145WD, notably by introducing two new Clear Wheels for use only with Gravity: Perseus Attack Ver. and Perseus Stamina Ver. The release date of this Set also coincided with the winter holidays, creating an obvious perfect gift at parents' disposition, along with BB-98 Beyblade Reshuffle Set L-Drago Ver. Contents 3 Segment Launcher Grip (Black Ver.) Beylauncher LR (Crystal Black Ver.) Metal Face Custom Ver. (Red) Perseus Attack Ver. (Clear Wheel, Green) Perseus Defense Ver. (Clear Wheel, Pink) Perseus Stamina Ver. (Clear Wheel, Dark Blue) Gravity (Gold recolour) Gravity GB145 AD145 (Clear Black Ver.) 105 (Turquoise Ver.) 130 (Clear Purple Ver.) S (Clear Yellow Ver.) WD (Clear Black Ver.) F (Turquoise Ver.) RS (Clear Purple Ver.) Overall Between the two special Beyblade Reshuffle Sets, BB-97 has always been the least prized one. While the two other versions of Perseus offer unique performances that provide improvements in different categories, unlike L-Drago II's own alternate versions, they were never effective enough in any state of the metagame to deserve a purchase through this Set. Furthermore, AD145 and GB145, two relatively good Tracks, and RS, a top-tier Defense Bottom, can be purchased in better products, especially with Hasbro's regular release of Earth Virgo GB145BS and Grand Ketos T125/WD145RS. Gravity Perseus is overall outclassed, and GB145 only serves as a secondary alternative for an Attack combination using Flash. A Beylauncher LR is always useful however. In conclusion, this Set should only be purchased for collection purposes. Gallery Package Front Other Versions Perseus White Knight Stamina Ver. - CoroCoro Beyblade World Domination Book exclusive Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Ultimate_Reshuffle_Set_Perseus_Ver.&oldid=11747"
