Virgo DF145BS - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Virgo DF145BS From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Virgo DF145BS Number: BB-22 System: Metal System Type: Stamina Contents 1 Face: Virgo 2 Wheel: Virgo 2.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 3 Track: Down Force 145 3.1 Use in Stamina Customization 4 Bottom: Ball Sharp 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 7 Overall Face: Virgo The Face depicts Virgo, the sixth astrological sign of the Zodiac. Wheel: Virgo Weight: 37 grams Virgo is one of the most smooth, circular Wheels currently available. Its circular shape is composed of two large, and long slopes which connect with each other to form the circle; however, despite their appearance, they don't offer any effective Upper Attack. These properties lend themselves well to Stamina, and despite its relatively average weight in comparison to other Wheels, Virgo had once found its place among the best Stamina-based Wheels available. However, it has since been outclassed greatly. There is no reason to use this Wheel competitively. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations One very important thing to note is the different mold variations that have been discovered for Virgo. Just looking at the Wheels themselves, it is impossible to tell what the actual difference in the mold is. However, through testing, it has been determined that there is balance issues that certain Virgo Wheels encounter. Some of them have been reported not having a solo spin time above three minutes while others are able to spin for over five minutes. The disparities between the Virgo Wheels cannot be ignored, so it is encouraged to test your Virgo Wheel by itself before using it. Track: Down Force 145 Weight: 1.5 grams Full Width: 21.53 mm Height: 14.50 mm DF145 has four upward facing wings protruding from the top of the Track, which aside from giving it extra weight are meant to push air downwards. It is on par with 145, while AD145 is superior by a small margin when used in Stamina combinations. Use in Stamina Customization If the aforementioned parts aren't accessible, DF145 can still be put to good use in the custom, Scythe Kronos DF145SD. Bottom: Ball Sharp Weight: 0.6 gram Full Width: 15.71 mm Tip Width: 5.64 mm Full Height: 8.78 mm Sharp Tip Angle: 35° BS's performance is quite similar to that of S. BS offers very little movement and as such gives no Attack potential. The pointed tip allows for very little friction between the Bottom and the stadium surface, which helps prevent the loss of spin velocity. BS has decent Stamina, but because the tip is so fine, it experiences the same balance issues that S does. D, SD, and WD are much better choices for Stamina. Other Versions Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination RBV2 Virgos Virgo 125BS - Random Booster Vol.2 Legend Pisces (Purple) Virgo 100B - Random Booster Vol.2 Legend Pisces (Blue) Virgo DF145BS - WBBA Exclusive (Gold) Gallery Virgo DF145BS Virgo DF145BS side view Virgo Virgo bottom view DF145 DF145 side view BS Overall Virgo used to be one of the best Stamina Wheels available. However, it has since then been outclassed by numerous other Wheels such as Scythe and Phantom. Its other parts, DF145 and BS, are outclassed by other Tracks and Bottoms as well. There is little reason to purchase this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Virgo_DF145BS&oldid=13380"
