Vulcan Horuseus 145D - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Vulcan Horuseus 145D From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Vulcan Horuseus 145D Number: BB-P01 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Defense Contents 1 Face: Horuseus 2 Clear Wheel: Horuseus 3 Metal Wheel: Vulcan 3.1 IMPORTANT: Mold Variations 3.2 Use in Attack Customization 4 Track: 145 4.1 Use in Attack Customization 4.2 Use in Stamina Customization 5 Bottom: Defense 5.1 Use in Stamina Customization 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Note: BB-P01 Vulcan Horuseus 145D is a limited-edition Beyblade that is included in the Sony Playstation Portable game: Metal Fight Beyblade Portable Chouzetsu Tensei (????)! Vulcan Horuseus. Face: Horuseus Weight: 1.11 Grams The Face depicts Horus; the ancient Egyptian falcon-god of Lower Egypt that represents the Sky, War, and Protection. Clear Wheel: Horuseus Weight: 2.92 Grams The Horuseus Clear Wheel is of an overall stylized quadrilateral design with a shade of slightly faint, semi-reflective, gold as its predominant color. Parallel to each other are two "Wedjat" eyes, both of which have a red iris when the decals are applied. Above the eyes are a reflective black and green decals, emphasizing on the eyes' brow. Decals of a similar design and shape entail the eyes. These trail to the two feathered wings between each eye that have their inner feathers painted silver. Metal Wheel: Vulcan Weight: 32.1 Grams The Vulcan Metal Wheel has a total of two semi-circular prominences and two smaller wings painted with two red stripes that give breath to its design. Upon closer inspection, the two prominences have slight slopes that suggest the Wheel's capability of Upper Attack. Despite the fact that these sloped areas are major contact points, they do not provide Upper Attack; however, they do provide Smash Attack. Between the two prominences are the two smaller wings, which are also major contact points. Vulcan has fallen into disuse following the introduction of RS and other rubber-based Defense Bottoms, as it has a hard time KOing such bottoms. It is now heavily outclassed by other Metal Wheels such as VariAres and Blitz. IMPORTANT: Mold Variations Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Comparison of Vulcan Molds: Mold 1 is on the left, Mold 2 is on the right. Vulcan has two different molds. The first was only used for the initial Limited Edition release, while the second was used for Random Booster Vol.7 Beat Lynx and all Hasbro releases, and features a thicker tail end to Vulcan's walls, though as Vulcan is not known to be a fragile part the reason for this change is unclear. As a result of this additional material the second mold has an average weight of 33.2g compared to the 32.1g of the original, making it one of the heavier Metal Wheels produced by Takara Tomy. The increased weight noticeably reduces Recoil, increasing Vulcan's Attack ability against most opponents. However, against same-height opponents the additional metal slightly obstructs Vulcan's contact points, making it no more effective than the first mold, albeit with most losses coming by failure to KO the opponent rather than being knocked out as a result of its own Recoil. Still, as it is no worse than the original in any given match up and noticeably more effective against most opponents, the second mold is preferred for competitive use, though it is still not a significant enough improvement to allow Vulcan to threaten heavyweights such as Basalt, Duo and the many Synchrom Defense customizations introduced by Beyblade Zero-G. Use in Attack Customization Although outclassed, you can maximize whatever Smash Attack Vulcan is capable of in the combination: MF-H Vulcan Horuseus 85RF/R2F Track: 145 Weight: 1.47 grams Full Width: 20 mm Minimum Width: 18 mm Height: 14.50 mm 145, along with its variants (C145, DF145, etc.), was once the highest Track available, until the 230 Track was released with Flame Byxis. It can be used in Stamina customs to great effect due to its tall height, which allows for more wobbling as the Beyblade loses its spin velocity. 145, as tall as it is, makes it easily susceptible to low Attackers; however, this should not be seen as a drawback because Stamina Types are not traditionally designed to be used against Attack Types. It has been outclassed with the recent release of AD145 and even DF145. Use in Attack Customization 145 can be put to good use in the Attack custom, MF Pegasis 145RF. Pegasis has been proven to perform viciously when used in unison with 145, which maximizes the effectiveness of its Smash Attack. Use in Stamina Customization 145-based Stamina types are perfect for countering a 230-based Stamina type. 145 can be used to great effect for this purpose in Burn Bull 145SD. Bottom: Defense Weight: 0.68 gram Full Width: 15.55 mm Tip Width: 8.94 mm Full Height: 8.89 mm Tip Height: 7.59 mm Tip Angle: 35° This is a Defense Bottom, which acts as a wider version of a Sharp Bottom. When hit by an opponent, a Beyblade with this Bottom will have lessened recoil and will recover from attacks more efficiently than a Sharp Tip. However, while recovering, the Defense Bottom will cause the Beyblade to lose some stamina, caused by the added friction. Use in Stamina Customization D can be put to use in the combination Scythe Bull 230D. D is a superior choice for 230 because it retains balance more easily than WD. Other Versions Tornado Horuseus 130RSF ? Random Booster Vol.7 Beat Lynx (Black) Hell Horuseus 85RS ? Random Booster Vol.7 Beat Lynx (Green) Vulcan Horuseus 145D - (TRU exclusive - included in the Beyblade: Metal Masters Nintendo DS game with a Metal Face) Vulcan Horuseus 145D - (Hasbro Metal Fury release, silver Fusion Wheel) Vulcan Horuseus 145D - Faceoff: Mystic Zone (Blue) Gallery Vulcan Horuseus 145D Vulcan Horuseus 145D side view Horuseus top view Horuseus bottom view Vulcan top view Vulcan bottom view 145 D Overall Although Vulcan was a formidable Metal Wheel in Attack Customizations for a time, the introduction of rubber-based Bottoms has since then nullified its effectiveness. Its other parts, 145 and D, are easily obtainable from more common Beyblades. There is little reason to purchase this Beyblade outside of collection purposes. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Vulcan_Horuseus_145D&oldid=13412"
