Weak Shooting - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Weak Shooting From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Weak Shooting is shooting technique that is almost identical to 'standard' launching. The Beyblade is parallel to the very center of the stadium or is shot into the center of the stadium, except you lightly 'remove' your ripcord or pull on your BeyLauncher so that your Beyblade has a low spin rate when released. The result is an incredibly unstable Beyblade that is often incredibly difficult for Attack types to properly KO. It is also important to note that this technique is best utilized with Beyblades that have wide Bottoms/tips such as WD, as their ability for extreme precession affords them the ability of being able to spin for prolonged periods of time at very low spin rates. Bottoms similar to SD, D, and WD are the best option for Weak Shooting Weak Shooting is used mainly against Attack combos in the opposite spin direction. This is because, despite the lower RPM of the Beyblade this technique is being used on, it ends up being propelled by the momentum of the opposing Beyblade spinning in the opposite spin direction. In this sense, it is similar to Spin Stealing, with the only difference being that rather than "stealing" spin, it is "equalizing" its spin rate with the opponent. Testing the Technique To illustrate this technique in use here are a set of test results comparing the use of Weak Shooting versus shooting strongly, and also the use of Weak Shooting against right-spin: Weak Shooting vs. Left-Spin Attack Weak Launch Earth Cancer AD145SD vs. MF Gravity Perseus 90RF (Left-Spin, Normal CW) Earth Cancer AD145SD: 17 wins MF Gravity Perseus 90RF: 3 wins Weak launch win percentage: 85% Strong Launch Earth Cancer AD145SD vs. MF Gravity Perseus 90RF (Left-Spin, Normal CW) Earth Cancer AD145SD: 5 wins MF Gravity Perseus 90RF: 15 wins Strong launch win percentage: 25% Weak Shooting vs. Right-Spin Attack Weak Launch Earth Cancer AD145SD vs. MF Gravity Perseus 100RF (Right-Spin, Normal CW) Earth Cancer AD145SD: 5 wins MF Gravity Perseus 100RF: 15 wins Weak launch win percentage: 25% As you can see, there is an enormous difference between the results of Weak Shooting versus Right-Spin Attack, the results of shooting strong/normally versus Left-Spin Attack, and the results of Weak Shooting versus Left-Spin Attack?a difference of 60% in both cases, to be exact. Thus, in the hands of a strong Blader, the use of Weak Shooting can drastically expand the competitive viability of any combo. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Weak_Shooting&oldid=6483"
