Wide Defense - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Wide Defense From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Wide Defense Wide Defense is a special weight disk that was only available through a limited individual release in Japan and Random Boosters. Contents 1 Features 2 Usage in Smash Attack Customization 3 Usage in Defense Customization 4 Gallery 5 Overall Features Weight: 15g Wide Defense has a completely circular shape with six inset notches and one outset notch. Despite its rather large width, it is relatively light; roughly the same weight as Ten Balance and more than a gram lighter than Ten Heavy. Usage in Smash Attack Customization Wide Defense is an incredibly popular WD choice among Smash Attack enthusiasts and is commonly considered to be the best WD choice for Smash Attackers. The popularity is unsurprising; it seemingly has all of the features of a perfect Smash Attack part. It is lightweight and the little weight it has is focused around the perimeter of the Beyblade. Both of these features attribute to a high movement speed. Furthermore, the seven notches can be used for smash attack. Below you will find a popular Smash Attack combo using Wide Defense. AR: Triple Wing (Trygle) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Right SG SG Core: Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger) BB: SG Metal Flat 2 (Gaia Dragoon V) Usage in Defense Customization Despite its relatively light weight, Wide Defense can be used in Defensive Beyblades to great effect. It effectively forms a barrier of metal on the outside rim of whatever Beyblade is using it. Below you will find a popular Defense combo using Wide Defense. AR: War Lion (Galeon) WD: Wide Defense SG: Neo Right SG SG Core: Heavy Metal Core (Takara Metal Driger) BB: SG Metal Ball Base w/ 4x Metal Balls (Draciel S) Gallery Wide Defense Reverse of Wide Defense Wide Defense Vs. 10-Series Glossy Wide Defense 3x Wide Defense Overall Wide Defense is a rare enough to be valuable, but common enough that you can obtain it for a reasonable price. It has the potential to improve a large amount of Beyblades it is given to. If you have a chance to get it, you shouldn't miss it. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Wide_Defense&oldid=7411"
