Wide Weight Disks - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Wide Weight Disks From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Contents 1 Description 2 Weight 3 Gallery Error creating thumbnail: Unable to save thumbnail to destination Ten Wide The Wide series of Weight Disks encompasses three separate Weight Disks, each replacing the previous in new releases as the Beyblade series progressed. The first Wide WD to be released was Wide, followed by Eight Wide, and finally Ten Wide. The number in the name of both Eight and Ten Wide represents the number of sides they have (for example, Eight Wide has eight sides, and thus an octagonal shape). The original six-sided Wide Weight Disk did not have a prefix, simply being called "Wide", but is commonly called "Six Wide" amongst fans to differentiate from its successors. Description As the name implies, the Wide series of WDs are some of the widest Weight Disks available. Along with having a large diameter, the bulk of the mass on a Wide WD is visibly focused around the perimeter. They are also noticeably lighter than Heavy and even Balance Weight Disks. Wide Weight Disks commonly find use in Smash Attack Customizations, where their externalised weight distribution serves to increase mobility and speed, allowing combinations to deliver significantly more powerful hits. Wide Weight Disks also see use in Survival customs, however the overwhelming presence of Zombie customizations, which require Wide Survivor or Wide Defense to function efficiently, means this usage is limited. Ten Wide is the widest and heaviest of the Wide Weight Disks, and generally speaking, is chosen over Six and Eight Wide when customizing. As with all Ten-Series Weight Disks, Ten Wide has two protrusions, called Attack Points by Takara, one each on the top and bottom of the Weight Disk. It is also worth noting that some (but not all) Eight Wide Weight Disks produced by Hasbro have a single Attack Point. Weight Six Wide: 13 grams Eight Wide: 13 grams Ten Wide: 14 grams Gallery Eight Wide Six Wide Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Wide_Weight_Disks&oldid=9077"
