Wind Aquario 100HF/S - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Wind Aquario 100HF/S From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Wind Aquario 100HF/S Number: BB-37 System: Hybrid Wheel System Type: Attack Contents 1 Face: Aquario 2 Clear Wheel: Aquario 3 Light Wheel: Wind 4 Track: 100 4.1 Use in Attack Customization 5 Bottom: Hole Flat/Sharp 6 Other Versions 7 Gallery 8 Overall Note: Wind Aquario 100HF/S is only obtainable through Random Booster Light Vol.2 Wind Aquario 100HF/S, where it is the "prize" Beyblade. Hasbro released this Beyblade with the Metal Wheel equivalent of Wind, Storm, as Storm Aquario 100HF/S. Face: Aquario The Face on this Beyblade depicts Aquarius, the eleventh astrological sign in the Zodiac. Clear Wheel: Aquario Weight: 3.2 grams Aquario?s original release colour is navy, featuring a wave pattern which repeats itself four times. It is amongst the heaviest Clear Wheels, making it one of the best Clear Wheel choices for HWS based Defense customizations. Light Wheel: Wind Wind is the Light Wheel equivalent of Storm. Track: 100 Weight: 1 gram This track is currently the third lowest track available, but is outclassed in terms of Attack and Stamina by the 85 and 90 Tracks. 100 usually has no problem with floor scrapes, and while it is generally an outclassed part, is still competitively viable, particularly in Attack customizations where it is able to make good contact with most opposing Beyblades. Use in Attack Customization One of the exceptions to the rule of using 85/90 over 100 is in Ray Unicorno 100RF/R2F. It is a former top-tier Attack customization; and has been proven through testing to allow Ray to more effectively utilize its Smash Attack capabilities. Another top-tier customization that works best with 100 is MF Lightning L-Drago 100RF/LRF. Bottom: Hole Flat/Sharp Weight: 0.9 gram Full Width: 15.77 mm Tip Width: 4.89 mm Sharp Tip Width: 2.72 mm Sharp Tip Angle: 45° Full Height: 11.85 mm Tip Height: 11.75 mm HF/S is Wind Aquario?s most unique part, and currently has not seen a regular re-release elsewhere by TAKARA-TOMY. It is the tallest Bottom to date. HF/S? gimmick is mode-change. The idea behind the mode-change is potent as it allows users to adapt their strategy between rounds, so that they can adjust their type to counter their opponents. The user is able to change the tip manually between Hole Flat, and Sharp, by rotating the lower portion of the Bottom: Sharp Mode: There are balance problems associated with the Sharp Mode because of its height, and also because it is a Sharp tip, poor balance is an issue. There is no reason to choose this over Bottoms such as D, SD, or WD. Hole Flat Mode: Compared to the original HF Bottom, the HF of HF/S is much wider to accommodate enough space for the Sharp Bottom to fit through when changed. It is just as wide as WF, and as a result, is one of the fastest moving Bottoms available aside from RF and R²F. Its usefulness in traditional low Attack customizations is somewhat hindered by it being the tallest Bottom released to date, but the speed is still there, so it does have use. Currently there are no competitive customizations utilizing HF/S, but it is an interesting Bottom to experiment with. Other Versions Storm Aquario M145Q ? Hybrid Wheel Reshuffle Set (Attack & Balance) (Clear Red) Rock Aquario 125SF ? Faceoff: Pegasis Tornado Wing Cyber Aquario 105RF - Beyblade Deck Attack & Defense Set (Light Blue) Storm Aquario 100HF/S -Beyblade Metal Fusion (Dark blue) Dark Aquario 100HF/S -Fusion Wheel Change (Dark blue) Gallery Wind Aquario Wind Aquario side view Aquario Clear Wheel Aquario Clear Wheel 100 Track HF/S (Sharp Mode) HF/S (Hole Flat Mode) Overall Wind Aquario 100HF/S is a valuable prize Beyblade, but is predominantly a novelty gimmick Beyblade; HF/S is not currently competitive and by no means necessary in achieving success. However, its Clear Wheel is advantageous for most types of combinations, and consequently makes this Beyblade or any other Beyblade with Aquario a must-have. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Wind_Aquario_100HF/S&oldid=13392"
