Wolborg - Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Wolborg From Beywiki, the Beyblade Encyclopedia - Presented by the World Beyblade Organization Note: Since this article was published, significant new and more accurate information has come to light, and as a result, this article must be updated. Please do not take all of the information here as the truth, as more extensive testing on the parts of this Beyblade has since provided information which conflicts with and/or expands upon the understanding of these parts this article was based upon. Updates will be posted on the main page when completed. Wolborg Number: A-11 System: 5-Layer Type: Survival Contents 1 Attack Ring (AR): Reverse Wolf 2 Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance 3 Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (Bearing Version) 3.1 Mold Variations 3.2 Placing Other Shafts in the SG (Bearing Version) 3.3 Use in Second Generation Zombies 3.4 Use in Third Generation Zombies 4 Blade Base (BB): SG Bearing Base 5 Other Versions 6 Gallery 6.1 Wolborg - Original Version 6.2 Wolborg - Phantom Force 6.3 Wolborg - CoroCoro Limited Version (Metallic Blue) 7 Overall Attack Ring (AR): Reverse Wolf Weight: 5 grams Reverse Wolf has several projections that are facing counter-clockwise. However, these projections have very little effect. There is almost no use whatsoever for this AR. Weight Disk (WD): Eight Balance See Eight Balance. Spin Gear (SG): Right SG (Bearing Version) Weight: 6 grams This is the only truly useful part of Wolborg. It is the successor to Metal Dragoon Bearing Stinger in the sense that it has a free-spinning shaft supported by bearings. This system reduces the loss of spin that occurs when it is hit by another Beyblade. Unfortunately, in the trade-off of being able to replace the SG shell with a Left SG shell, you can only place one bearing in the shaft casing. Metal Dragoon Bearing Stinger allowed for the placement of two. However, Burning Kerberous and Takara's Zeus casings rectify this problem, as they can carry two bearings, though neither works effectively with this Shaft. Mold Variations Many players complain that Hasbro's tip of the shaft in the SG (Bearing Version) functions significantly differently from Takara's. Tests have shown that Hasbro's version is far more aggressive. This has been shown to have a correlation to the condition of the shaft and the fact that Takara's mold is considerably more pointed at the tip. Placing Other Shafts in the SG (Bearing Version) You can place the shaft of Metal Dragoon Bearing Stinger's Bearing Base and Wolborg 2's SG (Bearing Version 2) inside the casing of SG (Bearing Version). Use in Second Generation Zombies Originally, only Metal Dragoon Bearing Stinger's Bearing Base was available for Zombie use. However, SG (Bearing Version) became a serious choice for many players. An example combo would be: AR: Tiger Defenser (Driger S) WD: Wide Survivor SG: Left SG (Bearing Version) (Wolborg) BB: Defense Grip Base 2 (Wolborg 2) Use in Third Generation Zombies An example combo would be: AR: Twin Horn (Takara) (Gabriel) WD: Wide Survivor SG: Left SG (Bearing Version) (Wolborg) SP: Defense Ring (Voltaic Ape) BB: Customize Grip Base (Dragoon V2) Blade Base (BB): SG Bearing Base Weight: 10 grams Because the SG is separate from the BB, there is very little that makes this BB noteworthy. For 5-Layer customization, Wolborg 2's Defense Grip Base 2 is generally a better choice for compatible Spin Gears. For 6-Layer, Dragoon V2's Customize Grip Base is a better choice - though Defense Grip Base 2 should be considered first. Other Versions Wolborg - CoroCoro Limited Version (Metallic Blue and Silver) Wolborg - Phantom Force Version (Translucent Yellow) Gallery Wolborg - Original Version Wolborg sticker sheet Hasbro- Top view Hasbro- 3/4 view Hasbro- Side view Hasbro- Bottom view Hasbro- Reverse Wolf AR Hasbro- SG(bearing version) Sticker sheet Wolborg - Phantom Force Hasbro box Hasbro back of box Hasbro Phantom Force Wolborg parts Top view 3/4 view Side view Bottom View Wolborg - CoroCoro Limited Version (Metallic Blue) Top View 3/4 View Side View Bottom View Overall Wolborg is an indispensable Beyblade only because of its SG (Bearing Version) part. Every player needs to own this part to compete seriously. Every player should own multiples of this Beyblade. Retrieved from " http://wiki.worldbeyblade.org/index.php?title=Wolborg&oldid=12420"
